Python 3.6.5 (v3.6.5:f59c0932b4, Mar 28 2018, 16:07:46) [MSC v.1900 32 bit (Intel)] on win32
Type "copyright", "credits" or "license()" for more information.
>>> 
 RESTART: C:\Users\יובל\Desktop\מערכות בסיסי נתונים\Project\trunk\SRC\WEBAPI.py 
Beef
Breakfast
Chicken
Desert
Lamb
Miscellaneous
Pasta
Pork
Seafood
Side
Starter
Vegan
Vegetarian
52874 Beef and Mustard Pie Beef British Preheat the oven to 150C/300F/Gas 2.

Toss the beef and flour together in a bowl with some salt and black pepper.

Heat a large casserole until hot, add half of the rapeseed oil and enough of the beef to just cover the bottom of the casserole.

Fry until browned on each side, then remove and set aside. Repeat with the remaining oil and beef.

Return the beef to the pan, add the wine and cook until the volume of liquid has reduced by half, then add the stock, onion, carrots, thyme and mustard, and season well with salt and pepper.

Cover with a lid and place in the oven for two hours.

Remove from the oven, check the seasoning and set aside to cool. Remove the thyme.

When the beef is cool and you're ready to assemble the pie, preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.

Transfer the beef to a pie dish, brush the rim with the beaten egg yolks and lay the pastry over the top. Brush the top of the pastry with more beaten egg.

Trim the pastry so there is just enough excess to crimp the edges, then place in the oven and bake for 30 minutes, or until the pastry is golden-brown and cooked through.

For the green beans, bring a saucepan of salted water to the boil, add the beans and cook for 4-5 minutes, or until just tender.

Drain and toss with the butter, then season with black pepper.

To serve, place a large spoonful of pie onto each plate with some green beans alongside. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sytuqu1511553755.jpg Meat,Pie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMyBC9staMU
52878 Beef and Oyster pie Beef British Season the beef cubes with salt and black pepper. Heat a tablespoon of oil in the frying pan and fry the meat over a high heat. Do this in three batches so that you don’t overcrowd the pan, transferring the meat to a large flameproof casserole dish once it is browned all over. Add extra oil if the pan seems dry.

In the same pan, add another tablespoon of oil and cook the shallots for 4-5 minutes, then add the garlic and fry for 30 seconds. Add the bacon and fry until slightly browned. Transfer the onion and bacon mixture to the casserole dish and add the herbs.

Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.

Pour the stout into the frying pan and bring to the boil, stirring to lift any stuck-on browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Pour the stout over the beef in the casserole dish and add the stock. Cover the casserole and place it in the oven for 1½-2 hours, or until the beef is tender and the sauce is reduced.

Skim off any surface fat, taste and add salt and pepper if necessary, then stir in the cornflour paste. Put the casserole dish on the hob – don’t forget that it will be hot – and simmer for 1-2 minutes, stirring, until thickened. Leave to cool.

Increase the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6. To make the pastry, put the flour and salt in a very large bowl. Grate the butter and stir it into the flour in three batches. Gradually add 325ml/11fl oz cold water – you may not need it all – and stir with a round-bladed knife until the mixture just comes together. Knead the pastry lightly into a ball on a lightly floured surface and set aside 250g/9oz for the pie lid.

Roll the rest of the pastry out until about 2cm/¾in larger than the dish you’re using. Line the dish with the pastry then pile in the filling, tucking the oysters in as well. Brush the edge of the pastry with beaten egg.

Roll the remaining pastry until slightly larger than your dish and gently lift over the filling, pressing the edges firmly to seal, then trim with a sharp knife. Brush with beaten egg to glaze. Put the dish on a baking tray and bake for 25-30 minutes, or until the pastry is golden-brown and the filling is bubbling. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wrssvt1511556563.jpg Pie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONX74yP6JnI
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 244: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52904 Beef Bourguignon Beef French Heat a large casserole pan and add 1 tbsp goose fat. Season the beef and fry until golden brown, about 3-5 mins, then turn over and fry the other side until the meat is browned all over, adding more fat if necessary. Do this in 2-3 batches, transferring the meat to a colander set over a bowl when browned.

In the same pan, fry the bacon, shallots or pearl onions, mushrooms, garlic and bouquet garni until lightly browned. Mix in the tomato purée and cook for a few mins, stirring into the mixture. This enriches the bourguignon and makes a great base for the stew. Then return the beef and any drained juices to the pan and stir through.

Pour over the wine and about 100ml water so the meat bobs up from the liquid, but isn’t completely covered. Bring to the boil and use a spoon to scrape the caramelised cooking juices from the bottom of the pan – this will give the stew more flavour.

Heat oven to 150C/fan 130C/gas 2. Make a cartouche: tear off a square of foil slightly larger than the casserole, arrange it in the pan so it covers the top of the stew and trim away any excess foil. Then cook for 3 hrs. If the sauce looks watery, remove the beef and veg with a slotted spoon, and set aside. Cook the sauce over a high heat for a few mins until the sauce has thickened a little, then return the beef and vegetables to the pan.

To make the celeriac mash, peel the celeriac and cut into cubes. Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan. Tip in the celeriac and fry for 5 mins until it turns golden. Season well with salt and pepper. Stir in the rosemary, thyme, bay and cardamom pods, then pour over 200ml water, enough to nearly cover the celeriac. Turn the heat to low, partially cover the pan and leave to simmer for 25-30 mins.

After 25-30 mins, the celeriac should be soft and most of the water will have evaporated. Drain away any remaining water, then remove the herb sprigs, bay and cardamom pods. Lightly crush with a potato masher, then finish with a glug of olive oil and season to taste. Spoon the beef bourguignon into serving bowls and place a large spoonful of the celeriac mash on top. Garnish with one of the bay leaves, if you like. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vtqxtu1511784197.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQnr4Z-7rok
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 799: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52812 Beef Brisket Pot Roast Beef American 1 Prepare the brisket for cooking: On one side of the brisket there should be a layer of fat, which you want. If there are any large chunks of fat, cut them off and discard them. Large pieces of fat will not be able to render out completely.

Using a sharp knife, score the fat in parallel lines, about 3/4-inch apart. Slice through the fat, not the beef. Repeat in the opposite direction to make a cross-hatch pattern.

Salt the brisket well and let it sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.

 

2 Sear the brisket: You'll need an oven-proof, thick-bottomed pot with a cover, or Dutch oven, that is just wide enough to hold the brisket roast with a little room for the onions.

Pat the brisket dry and place it, fatty side down, into the pot and place it on medium high heat. Cook for 5-8 minutes, lightly sizzling, until the fat side is nicely browned. (If the roast seems to be cooking too fast, turn the heat down to medium. You want a steady sizzle, not a raging sear.)

Turn the brisket over and cook for a few minutes more to brown the other side.



3 Sauté the onions and garlic: When the brisket has browned, remove it from the pot and set aside. There should be a couple tablespoons of fat rendered in the pot, if not, add some olive oil.

Add the chopped onions and increase the heat to high. Sprinkle a little salt on the onions. Sauté, stirring often, until the onions are lightly browned, 5-8 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook 1-2 more minutes.

 

4 Return brisket to pot, add herbs, stock, bring to simmer, cover, cook in oven: Preheat the oven to 300°F. Use kitchen twine to tie together the bay leaves, rosemary and thyme.

Move the onions and garlic to the sides of the pot and nestle the brisket inside. Add the beef stock and the tied-up herbs. Bring the stock to a boil on the stovetop.

Cover the pot, place the pot in the 300°F oven and cook for 3 hours. Carefully flip the brisket every hour so it cooks evenly.

 

5 Add carrots, continue to cook: After 3 hours, add the carrots. Cover the pot and cook for 1 hour more, or until the carrots are cooked through and the brisket is falling-apart tender.

6 Remove brisket to cutting board, tent with foil: When the brisket is falling-apart tender, take the pot out of the oven and remove the brisket to a cutting board. Cover it with foil. Pull out and discard the herbs.

7 Make sauce (optional): At this point you have two options. You can serve as is, or you can make a sauce with the drippings and some of the onions. If you serve as is, skip this step.

To make a sauce, remove the carrots and half of the onions, set aside and cover them with foil. Pour the ingredients that are remaining into the pot into a blender, and purée until smooth. If you want, add 1 tablespoon of mustard to the mix. Put into a small pot and keep warm.

8 Slice the meat across the grain: Notice the lines of the muscle fibers of the roast. This is the "grain" of the meat. Slice the meat perpendicular to these lines, or across the grain (cutting this way further tenderizes the meat), in 1/4-inch to 1/2-inch slices.

Serve with the onions, carrots and gravy. Serve with mashed, roasted or boiled potatoes, egg noodles or polenta. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ursuup1487348423.jpg Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gh48wM6bPWQ
(1064, 'You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near \'grain" of the meat. Slice the meat perpendicular to these lines, or across the g\' at line 20')
Error: failed executing/committing query
52873 Beef Dumpling Stew Beef British Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.



For the beef stew, heat the oil and butter in an ovenproof casserole and fry the beef until browned on all sides.



Sprinkle over the flour and cook for a further 2-3 minutes.



Add the garlic and all the vegetables and fry for 1-2 minutes.



Stir in the wine, stock and herbs, then add the Worcestershire sauce and balsamic vinegar, to taste. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.



Cover with a lid, transfer to the oven and cook for about two hours, or until the meat is tender.



For the dumplings, sift the flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl.

Add the suet and enough water to form a thick dough.



With floured hands, roll spoonfuls of the dough into small balls.



After two hours, remove the lid from the stew and place the balls on top of the stew. Cover, return to the oven and cook for a further 20 minutes, or until the dumplings have swollen and are tender. (If you prefer your dumplings with a golden top, leave the lid off when returning to the oven.)



To serve, place a spoonful of mashed potato onto each of four serving plates and top with the stew and dumplings. Sprinkle with chopped parsley. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uyqrrv1511553350.jpg Stew,Baking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NgheY-r5t0
52952 Beef Lo Mein Beef Chinese STEP 1 - MARINATING THE BEEF

In a bowl, add the beef, salt, 1 pinch white pepper, 1 Teaspoon sesame seed oil, 1/2 egg, corn starch,1 Tablespoon of oil and mix together.

STEP 2 - BOILING THE THE NOODLES

In a 6 qt pot add your noodles to boiling water until the noodles are submerged and boil on high heat for 10 seconds. After your noodles is done boiling strain and cool with cold water.

STEP 3 - STIR FRY

Add 2 Tablespoons of oil, beef and cook on high heat untill beef is medium cooked.

Set the cooked beef aside

In a wok add 2 Tablespoon of oil, onions, minced garlic, minced ginger, bean sprouts, mushrooms, peapods and 1.5 cups of water or until the vegetables are submerged in water.

Add the noodles to wok

To make the sauce, add oyster sauce, 1 pinch white pepper, 1 teaspoon sesame seed oil, sugar, and 1 Teaspoon of soy sauce.

Next add the beef to wok and stir-fry https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1529444830.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZT9LSsNXXe0
52834 Beef stroganoff Beef Russian Heat the olive oil in a non-stick frying pan then add the sliced onion and cook on a medium heat until completely softened, so around 15 mins, adding a little splash of water if they start to stick at all. Crush in the garlic and cook for a 2-3 mins further, then add the butter. Once the butter is foaming a little, add the mushrooms and cook for around 5 mins until completely softened. Season everything well, then tip onto a plate.

Tip the flour into a bowl with a big pinch of salt and pepper, then toss the steak in the seasoned flour. Add the steak pieces to the pan, splashing in a little oil if the pan looks particularly dry, and fry for 3-4 mins, until well coloured. Tip the onions and mushrooms back into the pan. Whisk the crème fraîche, mustard and beef stock together, then pour into the pan. Cook over a medium heat for around 5 mins. Scatter with parsley, then serve with pappardelle or rice. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/svprys1511176755.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQHgQX1Ss74
52824 Beef Sunday Roast Beef British Cook the Broccoli and Carrots in a pan of boiling water until tender.



Roast the Beef and Potatoes in the oven for 45mins, the potatoes may need to be checked regularly to not overcook.



To make the Yorkshire puddings:

Heat oven to 230C/fan 210C/gas 8. Drizzle a little sunflower oil evenly into 2 x 4-hole Yorkshire pudding tins or a 12-hole non-stick muffin tin and place in the oven to heat through

To make the batter, tip 140g plain flour into a bowl and beat in four eggs until smooth. Gradually add 200ml milk and carry on beating until the mix is completely lump-free. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the batter into a jug, then remove the hot tins from the oven. Carefully and evenly pour the batter into the holes. Place the tins back in the oven and leave undisturbed for 20-25 mins until the puddings have puffed up and browned. Serve immediately.



Plate up and add the Gravy as desired. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ssrrrs1503664277.jpg MainMeal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l3-dBdNehY
52803 Beef Wellington Beef British Put the mushrooms into a food processor with some seasoning and pulse to a rough paste. Scrape the paste into a pan and cook over a high heat for about 10 mins, tossing frequently, to cook out the moisture from the mushrooms. Spread out on a plate to cool.

Heat in a frying pan and add a little olive oil. Season the beef and sear in the hot pan for 30 secs only on each side. (You don't want to cook it at this stage, just colour it). Remove the beef from the pan and leave to cool, then brush all over with the mustard.

Lay a sheet of cling film on a work surface and arrange the Parma ham slices on it, in slightly overlapping rows. With a palette knife, spread the mushroom paste over the ham, then place the seared beef fillet in the middle. Keeping a tight hold of the cling film from the edge, neatly roll the Parma ham and mushrooms around the beef to form a tight barrel shape. Twist the ends of the cling film to secure. Chill for 15-20 mins to allow the beef to set and keep its shape.

Roll out the puff pastry on a floured surface to a large rectangle, the thickness of a £1 coin. Remove the cling film from the beef, then lay in the centre. Brush the surrounding pastry with egg yolk. Fold the ends over, the wrap the pastry around the beef, cutting off any excess. Turn over, so the seam is underneath, and place on a baking sheet. Brush over all the pastry with egg and chill for about 15 mins to let the pastry rest.

Heat the oven to 200C, 400F, gas 6.

Lightly score the pastry at 1cm intervals and glaze again with beaten egg yolk. Bake for 20 minutes, then lower the oven setting to 180C, 350F, gas 4 and cook for another 15 mins. Allow to rest for 10-15 mins before slicing and serving with the side dishes of your choice. The beef should still be pink in the centre when you serve it. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vvpprx1487325699.jpg Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FS8u1RBdf6I
52826 Braised Beef Chilli Beef Mexican Preheat the oven to 120C/225F/gas mark 1.



Take the meat out of the fridge to de-chill. Pulse the onions and garlic in a food processor until finely chopped. Heat 2 tbsp olive oil in a large casserole and sear the meat on all sides until golden.



Set to one side and add another small slug of oil to brown the chorizo. Remove and add the onion and garlic, spices, herbs and chillies then cook until soft in the chorizo oil. Season with salt and pepper and add the vinegar, tomatoes, ketchup and sugar.



Put all the meat back into the pot with 400ml water (or red wine if you prefer), bring up to a simmer and cook, covered, in the low oven.



After 2 hours, check the meat and add the beans. Cook for a further hour and just before serving, pull the meat apart with a pair of forks. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uuqvwu1504629254.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4kSoJgsu6Y
52781 Irish stew Beef Irish Heat the oven to 180C/350F/gas mark 4. Drain and rinse the soaked wheat, put it in a medium pan with lots of water, bring to a boil and simmer for an hour, until cooked. Drain and set aside.



Season the lamb with a teaspoon of salt and some black pepper. Put one tablespoon of oil in a large, deep sauté pan for which you have a lid; place on a medium-high heat. Add some of the lamb – don't overcrowd the pan – and sear for four minutes on all sides. Transfer to a bowl, and repeat with the remaining lamb, adding oil as needed.



Lower the heat to medium and add a tablespoon of oil to the pan. Add the shallots and fry for four minutes, until caramelised. Tip these into the lamb bowl, and repeat with the remaining vegetables until they are all nice and brown, adding more oil as you need it.



Once all the vegetables are seared and removed from the pan, add the wine along with the sugar, herbs, a teaspoon of salt and a good grind of black pepper. Boil on a high heat for about three minutes.



Tip the lamb, vegetables and whole wheat back into the pot, and add the stock. Cover and boil for five minutes, then transfer to the oven for an hour and a half.



Remove the stew from the oven and check the liquid; if there is a lot, remove the lid and boil for a few minutes. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sxxpst1468569714.jpg Stew,Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYH2qJXnSMo
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 451: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52938 Jamaican Beef Patties Beef Jamaican Make the Pastry Dough



To a large bowl, add flour, 1 teaspoon salt, and turmeric and mix thoroughly.

Rub shortening into flour until there are small pieces of shortening completely covered with flour.

Pour in 1/2 cup of the ice water and mix with your hands to bring the dough together. Keep adding ice water 2 to 3 tablespoons at a time until the mixture forms a dough.

At this stage, you can cut the dough into 2 large pieces, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for 30 minutes before using it.

Alternatively, cut the dough into 10 to 12 equal pieces, place on a platter or baking sheet, cover securely with plastic wrap and let chill for 30 minutes while you make the filling.

Make the Filling



Add ground beef to a large bowl. Sprinkle in allspice and black pepper. Mix together and set aside.

Heat oil in a skillet until hot.

Add onions and sauté until translucent. Add hot pepper, garlic and thyme and continue to sauté for another minute. Add 1/4 teaspoon salt.

Add seasoned ground beef and toss to mix, breaking up any clumps, and let cook until the meat is no longer pink.

Add ketchup and more salt to taste.

Pour in 2 cups of water and stir. Bring the mixture to a boil then reduce heat and let simmer until most of the liquid has evaporated and whatever is remaining has reduced to a thick sauce.

Fold in green onions. Remove from heat and let cool completely.

Assemble the Patties



Beat the egg and water together to make an egg wash. Set aside.

Now you can prepare the dough in two ways.

First Method: Flour the work surface and rolling pin. If you had cut it into 2 large pieces, then take one of the large pieces and roll it out into a very large circle. Take a bowl with a wide rim (about 5 inches) and cut out three circles.



Place about 3 heaping tablespoons of the filling onto 1/2 of each circle. Dip a finger into the water and moisten the edges of the pastry. Fold over the other half and press to seal. 



Take a fork and crimp the edges. Cut off any extra to make it look neat and uniform. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet and continue to work until you have rolled all the dough and filled the patties.

Second Method: If you had pre-cut the dough into individual pieces, work with one piece of dough at a time. Roll it out on a floured surface into a 5-inch circle or a little larger. Don’t worry if the edges are not perfect.



Place 3 heaping tablespoons of the filling on one side of the circle. Dip a finger into the water and moisten the edges of the pastry. Fold over the other half and press to seal.



Take a fork and crimp the edges. Cut off any extra to make it look neat and uniform. Place on a parchment-lined baking sheet and continue work until you have rolled all the dough and filled the patties.



Frying and Serving the Patties



After forming the patties, place the pans in the refrigerator while you heat the oven to 350 F.

Just before adding the pans with the patties to the oven, brush the patties with egg wash.

Bake patties for 30 minutes or until golden brown.

Cool on wire racks.

Serve warm. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wsqqsw1515364068.jpg Snack,Spicy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypQjoiZiTac
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 2419: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52947 Ma Po Tofu Beef Chinese Add a small pinch of salt and sesame oil to minced beef. Mix well and set aside.

Mix 1 tablespoon of cornstarch with 2 and ½ tablespoons of water in a small bowl to make water starch.

Cut tofu into square cubes (around 2cms). Bring a large amount of water to a boil and then add a pinch of salt. Slide the tofu in and cook for 1 minute. Move out and drain.

Get a wok and heat up around 2 tablespoons of oil, fry the minced meat until crispy. Transfer out beef out and leave the oil in.

Fry doubanjiang for 1 minute over slow fire and then add garlic, scallion white, ginger and fermented black beans to cook for 30 seconds until aroma. Then mix pepper flakes in.

Add water to the seasonings and bring to boil over high fire. Gently slide the tofu cubes. Add light soy sauce and beef.Slow the heat after boiling and then simmer for 6-8 minutes. Then add chopped garlic greens.

Stir the water starch and then pour half of the mixture to the simmering pot. Wait for around 30 seconds and then pour the other half. You can slightly taste the tofu and add pinch of salt if not salty enough. By the way, if you feel it is too spicy, add some sugar can milder the taste. But be carefully as the broth is very hot at this point.

Transfer out when almost all the seasonings stick to tofu cubes. Sprinkle Szechuan peppercorn powder (to taste)and chopped garlic greens if using.

Serve immediately with steamed rice. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1525874812.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhwPQL9dFYc
52827 Massaman Beef curry Beef Thai Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6, then roast the peanuts on a baking tray for 5 mins until golden brown. When cool enough to handle, roughly chop. Reduce oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4.

Heat 2 tbsp coconut cream in a large casserole dish with a lid. Add the curry paste and fry for 1 min, then stir in the beef and fry until well coated and sealed. Stir in the rest of the coconut with half a can of water, the potatoes, onion, lime leaves, cinnamon, tamarind, sugar, fish sauce and most of the peanuts. Bring to a simmer, then cover and cook for 2 hrs in the oven until the beef is tender.

Sprinkle with sliced chilli and the remaining peanuts, then serve straight from the dish with jasmine rice. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/tvttqv1504640475.jpg Curry https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVxgZSCU9_g
52876 Minced Beef Pie Beef British Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6.

Heat the oil in a deep frying pan and fry the beef mince for 4-5 minutes, breaking it up with a wooden spoon as it browns.

Add the onion and cook for 2-3 minutes, then stir in the tomato purée and cook for 2-3 more minutes. Stir in the flour and cook for a further minute, then add the chopped mushrooms, the stout or beef stock and a couple of dashes of Worcestershire sauce. Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat, cover the pan with a lid and leave to simmer for 20 minutes. Set aside and leave to cool, then turn the meat mixture into a one litre pie dish.

Roll out the pastry on a floured work surface until it is slightly larger than the pie dish. Gently drape the pastry over the dish, pressing firmly onto the edges. Trim, then shape the edges into a fluted shape.

Cut some leaf shapes out of the pastry trimmings and decorate the top of the pie, sticking them to the pastry with the beaten egg yolk.

Make three or four slits in the pastry to allow the steam to escape, then brush the pie with the rest of the beaten egg yolk and bake in the oven for 20-25 minutes, or until golden-brown.

To serve, slice into wedges. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xwutvy1511555540.jpg Pie,Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QY47h-uqq5g
52927 Montreal Smoked Meat Beef Canadian To make the cure, in a small bowl mix together salt, pink salt, black pepper, coriander, sugar, bay leaf, and cloves. Coat entire brisket with the cure and place in an extra-large resealable plastic bag. Place in the coldest part of the refrigerator and cure for 4 days, flipping brisket twice a day.

Remove brisket from bag and wash as much cure off as possible under cold running water. Place brisket in a large container and fill with water and let soak for 2 hours, replacing water every 30 minutes. Remove from water and pat dry with paper towels.

To make the rub, mix together black pepper, coriander, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, dill weed, mustard, celery seed, and crushed red papper in a small bowl. Coat entire brisket with the rub.

Fire up smoker or grill to 225 degrees, adding chunks of smoking wood chunks when at temperature. When wood is ignited and producing smoke, place brisket in, fat side up, and smoke until an instant read thermometer registers 165 degrees when inserted into thickest part of the brisket, about 6 hours.

Transfer brisket to large roasting pan with V-rack. Place roasting pan over two burners on stovetop and fill with 1-inch of water. Bring water to a boil over high heat, reduce heat to medium, cover roasting pan with aluminum foil, and steam brisket until an instant read thermometer registers 180 degrees when inserted into thickest part of the meat, 1 to 2 hours, adding more hot water as needed.

Transfer brisket to cutting board and let cool slightly. Slice and serve, preferably on rye with mustard. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uttupv1511815050.jpg Speciality,Snack,StrongFlavor https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5oCDoyxbBk
52943 Oxtail with broad beans Beef Jamaican Toss the oxtail with the onion, spring onion, garlic, ginger, chilli, soy sauce, thyme, salt and pepper. Heat the vegetable oil in a large frying pan over medium-high heat. Brown the oxtail in the pan until browned all over, about 10 minutes. Place into a pressure cooker, and pour in 375ml water. Cook at pressure for 25 minutes, then remove from heat, and remove the lid according to manufacturer's directions.

Add the broad beans and pimento berries, and bring to a simmer over medium-high heat. Dissolve the cornflour in 2 tablespoons water, and stir into the simmering oxtail. Cook and stir a few minutes until the sauce has thickened, and the broad beans are tender. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1520083578.jpg Heavy,MainMeal,Speciality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIhxk-98Hz8
52930 Pate Chinois Beef Canadian In a large pot of salted water, cook the potatoes until they are very tender. Drain.

With a masher, coarsely crush the potatoes with at least 30 ml (2 tablespoons) of butter. With an electric mixer, purée with the milk. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.

With the rack in the middle position, preheat the oven to 190 °C (375 °F).

In a large skillet, brown the onion in the remaining butter. Add the meat and cook until golden brown. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat.

Lightly press the meat at the bottom of a 20-cm (8-inch) square baking dish. Cover with the corn and the mashed potatoes. Sprinkle with paprika and parsley.

Bake for about 30 minutes. Finish cooking under the broiler. Let cool for 10 minutes. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/yyrrxr1511816289.jpg MainMeal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRFqnLkEv3I
52941 Red Peas Soup Beef Jamaican Wash and rinse the dried kidney beans.. then cover with water in a deep bowl. Remember as they soak they will expand to at least triple the size they were originally so add a lot of water to the bowl. Soak them overnight or for at least 2 hrs to make the cooking step go quicker. I tossed out the water they were soaked in after it did the job.



Have your butcher cut the salted pigtail into 2 inch pieces as it will be very difficult to cut with an ordinary kitchen knife. Wash, then place a deep pot with water and bring to a boil. Cook for 20 minutes, then drain + rinse and repeat (boil again in water). The goal is to make the pieces of pig tails tender and to remove most of the salt it was cured in.



Time to start the soup. Place everything in the pot (except the flour and potato), then cover with water and place on a high flame to bring to a boil. As it comes to a boil, skim off any scum/froth at the top and discard. Reduce the heat to a gentle boil and allow it to cook for 1 hr and 15 mins.. basically until the beans are tender and start falling apart.



It’s now time to add the potato (and Yams etc if you’re adding it) as well as the coconut milk and continue cooking for 15 minutes.



Now is a good time to start making the basic dough for the spinner dumplings. Mix the flour and water (add a pinch of salt if you want) until you have a soft/smooth dough. allow it to rest for 5 minutes, then pinch of a tablespoon at a time and roll between your hands to form a cigarette shape.



Add them to the pot, stir well and continue cooking for another 15 minutes on a rolling boil.



You’ll notice that I didn’t add any salt to the pot as the remaining salt from the salted pigtails will be enough to properly season this dish. However you can taste and adjust accordingly. Lets recap the timing part of things so you’re not confused. Cook the base of the soup for 1 hr and 15 minute or until tender, then add the potatoes and cook for 15 minutes, then add the dumplings and cook for a further 15 minutes. Keep in mind that this soup will thicken quite a bit as it cools.



While this is not a traditional recipe to any one specific island, versions of this soup (sometimes called stewed peas) can be found throughout the Caribbean, Latin America and Africa. A hearty bowl of this soup will surely give you the sleepies (some may call it ethnic fatigue). You can certainly freeze the leftovers and heat it up another day. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sqpqtp1515365614.jpg Soup,SideDish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ogCfDXotMw
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 1149: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52770 Spaghetti Bolognese Beef Italian Put the onion and oil in a large pan and fry over a fairly high heat for 3-4 mins. Add the garlic and mince and fry until they both brown. Add the mushrooms and herbs, and cook for another couple of mins.



Stir in the tomatoes, beef stock, tomato ketchup or purée, Worcestershire sauce and seasoning. Bring to the boil, then reduce the heat, cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 30 mins.



Meanwhile, cook the spaghetti in a large pan of boiling, salted water, according to packet instructions. Drain well, run hot water through it, put it back in the pan and add a dash of olive oil, if you like, then stir in the meat sauce. Serve in hot bowls and hand round Parmesan cheese, for sprinkling on top. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sutysw1468247559.jpg Pasta,Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gF8d-fitkU
52881 Steak and Kidney Pie Beef British Preheat the oven to 220C/425F/Gas 7

Heat the vegetable oil in a large frying pan, and brown the beef all over. (You may need to do this in batches.) Set aside, then brown the kidneys on both sides in the same pan. Add the onions and cook for 3-4 minutes.

Return the beef to the pan, sprinkle flour over and coat the meat and onions

Add the stock to the pan, stir well and bring to the boil.

Turn the heat down and simmer for 1½ hours without a lid. If the liquid evaporates too much, add more stock.

Remove from the heat. Add salt, pepper and Worcestershire sauce and allow to cool completely. Place the cooked meat mixture into a pie dish.

Roll out the pastry to 5mm/¼in thick and 5cm/2in larger than the dish you are using.

Using a rolling pin, lift the pastry and place it over the top of the pie dish. Trim and crimp the edges with your fingers and thumb.

Brush the surface with the beaten egg mixture and bake for 30-40 minutes until golden-brown and puffed.

Serve with creamy mash and steamed vegetables to soak up the gravy. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qysyss1511558054.jpg Pie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTw5tPt4KmA
52935 Steak Diane Beef French Heat oil in a 12" skillet over medium-high heat. Season steaks with salt and pepper, and add to skillet; cook, turning once, until browned on both sides and cooked to desired doneness, about 4 to 5 minutes for medium-rare. Transfer steaks to a plate, and set aside.

Return skillet to high heat, and add stock; cook until reduced until to 1⁄2 cup, about 10 minutes. Pour into a bowl, and set aside. Return skillet to heat, and add butter; add garlic and shallots, and cook, stirring, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add mushrooms, and cook, stirring, until they release any liquid and it evaporates and mushrooms begin to brown, about 2 minutes. Add cognac, and light with a match to flambée; cook until flame dies down. Stir in reserved stock, cream, Dijon, Worcestershire, and hot sauce, and then return steaks to skillet; cook, turning in sauce, until warmed through and sauce is thickened, about 4 minutes. Transfer steak to serving plates and stir parsley and chives into sauce; pour sauce over steaks to serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vussxq1511882648.jpg DateNight,Expensive,Meat,MainMeal,Cheasy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rWZNHkrsNg
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2044' in position 407: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52950 Szechuan Beef Beef Chinese STEP 1 - MARINATING THE BEEF

In a bowl, add the beef, salt, sesame seed oil, white pepper, egg white, 2 Tablespoon of corn starch and 1 Tablespoon of oil.

STEP 2 - STIR FRY

First Cook the beef by adding 2 Tablespoon of oil until the beef is golden brown.

Set the beef aside

In a wok add 1 Tablespoon of oil, minced ginger, minced garlic and stir-fry for few seconds.

Next add all of the vegetables and then add sherry cooking wine and 1 cup of water.

To make the sauce add oyster sauce, hot pepper sauce, and sugar.

add the cooked beef and 1 spoon of soy sauce

To thicken the sauce, whisk together 1 Tablespoon of cornstarch and 2 Tablespoon of water in a bowl and slowly add to your stir-fry until it's the right thickness. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1529443236.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQGZqZYz7Ms
52895 English Breakfast Breakfast British Heat the flat grill plate over a low heat, on top of 2 rings/flames if it fits, and brush sparingly with light olive oil.

Cook the sausages first. Add the sausages to the hot grill plate/the coolest part if there is one and allow to cook slowly for about 15-20 minutes, turning occasionally, until golden. After the first 10 minutes, increase the heat to medium before beginning to cook the other ingredients. If you are struggling for space, completely cook the sausages and keep hot on a plate in the oven.

Snip a few small cuts into the fatty edge of the bacon. Place the bacon straight on to the grill plate and fry for 2-4 minutes each side or until your preferred crispiness is reached. Like the sausages, the cooked bacon can be kept hot on a plate in the oven.

For the mushrooms, brush away any dirt using a pastry brush and trim the stalk level with the mushroom top. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle over a little olive oil. Place stalk-side up on the grill plate and cook for 1-2 minutes before turning and cooking for a further 3-4 minutes. Avoid moving the mushrooms too much while cooking, as this releases the natural juices, making them soggy.

For the tomatoes, cut the tomatoes across the centre/or in half lengthways if using plum tomatoes , and with a small, sharp knife remove the green 'eye'. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with a little olive oil. Place cut-side down on the grill plate and cook without moving for 2 minutes. Gently turn over and season again. Cook for a further 2-3 minutes until tender but still holding their shape.

For the black pudding, cut the black pudding into 3-4 slices and remove the skin. Place on the grill plate and cook for 1½-2 minutes each side until slightly crispy.

For 'proper' fried bread it's best to cook it in a separate pan. Ideally, use bread that is a couple of days old. Heat a frying pan to a medium heat and cover the base with oil. Add the bread and cook for 2-3 minutes each side until crispy and golden. If the pan becomes too dry, add a little more oil. For a richer flavour, add a knob of butter after you turn the slice.

For the fried eggs, break the egg straight into the pan with the fried bread and leave for 30 seconds. Add a good knob of butter and lightly splash/baste the egg with the butter when melted. Cook to your preferred stage, season and gently remove with a fish slice.

Once all the ingredients are cooked, serve on warm plates and enjoy straight away with a good squeeze of tomato ketchup or brown sauce. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/utxryw1511721587.jpg Breakfast https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXjYU2Ensck
52957 Fruit and Cream Cheese Breakfast Pastries Breakfast American Preheat oven to 400ºF (200ºC), and prepare two cookie sheets with parchment paper. In a bowl, mix cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla until fully combined. Lightly flour the surface and roll out puff pastry on top to flatten. Cut each sheet of puff pastry into 9 equal squares. On the top right and bottom left of the pastry, cut an L shape approximately ½ inch (1 cm) from the edge.

NOTE: This L shape should reach all the way down and across the square, however both L shapes should not meet at the ends. Your pastry should look like a picture frame with two corners still intact.

Take the upper right corner and fold down towards the inner bottom corner. You will now have a diamond shape.

Place 1 to 2 teaspoons of the cream cheese filling in the middle, then place berries on top.

Repeat with the remaining pastry squares and place them onto the parchment covered baking sheet.

Bake for 15-20 minutes or until pastry is golden brown and puffed.

Enjoy!

 https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1543774956.jpg Breakfast,Summer 
52896 Full English Breakfast Breakfast British Heat the flat grill plate over a low heat, on top of 2 rings/flames if it fits, and brush sparingly with light olive oil.

Cook the sausages first. Add the sausages to the hot grill plate/the coolest part if there is one and allow to cook slowly for about 15-20 minutes, turning occasionally, until golden. After the first 10 minutes, increase the heat to medium before beginning to cook the other ingredients. If you are struggling for space, completely cook the sausages and keep hot on a plate in the oven.

Snip a few small cuts into the fatty edge of the bacon. Place the bacon straight on to the grill plate and fry for 2-4 minutes each side or until your preferred crispiness is reached. Like the sausages, the cooked bacon can be kept hot on a plate in the oven.

For the mushrooms, brush away any dirt using a pastry brush and trim the stalk level with the mushroom top. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle over a little olive oil. Place stalk-side up on the grill plate and cook for 1-2 minutes before turning and cooking for a further 3-4 minutes. Avoid moving the mushrooms too much while cooking, as this releases the natural juices, making them soggy.

For the tomatoes, cut the tomatoes across the centre/or in half lengthways if using plum tomatoes , and with a small, sharp knife remove the green 'eye'. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with a little olive oil. Place cut-side down on the grill plate and cook without moving for 2 minutes. Gently turn over and season again. Cook for a further 2-3 minutes until tender but still holding their shape.

For the black pudding, cut the black pudding into 3-4 slices and remove the skin. Place on the grill plate and cook for 1½-2 minutes each side until slightly crispy.

For 'proper' fried bread it's best to cook it in a separate pan. Ideally, use bread that is a couple of days old. Heat a frying pan to a medium heat and cover the base with oil. Add the bread and cook for 2-3 minutes each side until crispy and golden. If the pan becomes too dry, add a little more oil. For a richer flavour, add a knob of butter after you turn the slice.

For the fried eggs, break the egg straight into the pan with the fried bread and leave for 30 seconds. Add a good knob of butter and lightly splash/baste the egg with the butter when melted. Cook to your preferred stage, season and gently remove with a fish slice.

Once all the ingredients are cooked, serve on warm plates and enjoy straight away with a good squeeze of tomato ketchup or brown sauce. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sqrtwu1511721265.jpg Greasy,UnHealthy,HangoverFood,Calorific,Breakfast https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXjYU2Ensck
52940 Brown Stew Chicken Chicken Jamaican Squeeze lime over chicken and rub well. Drain off excess lime juice.

Combine tomato, scallion, onion, garlic, pepper, thyme, pimento and soy sauce in a large bowl with the chicken pieces. Cover and marinate at least one hour.

Heat oil in a dutch pot or large saucepan. Shake off the seasonings as you remove each piece of chicken from the marinade. Reserve the marinade for sauce.

Lightly brown the chicken a few pieces at a time in very hot oil. Place browned chicken pieces on a plate to rest while you brown the remaining pieces.

Drain off excess oil and return the chicken to the pan. Pour the marinade over the chicken and add the carrots. Stir and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes.

Mix flour and coconut milk and add to stew, stirring constantly. Turn heat down to minimum and cook another 20 minutes or until tender. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sypxpx1515365095.jpg Stew https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gFB1fkNhXs
52846 Chicken & mushroom Hotpot Chicken British Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Put the butter in a medium-size saucepan and place over a medium heat. Add the onion and leave to cook for 5 mins, stirring occasionally. Add the mushrooms to the saucepan with the onions.



Once the onion and mushrooms are almost cooked, stir in the flour – this will make a thick paste called a roux. If you are using a stock cube, crumble the cube into the roux now and stir well. Put the roux over a low heat and stir continuously for 2 mins – this will cook the flour and stop the sauce from having a floury taste.



Take the roux off the heat. Slowly add the fresh stock, if using, or pour in 500ml water if you’ve used a stock cube, stirring all the time. Once all the liquid has been added, season with pepper, a pinch of nutmeg and mustard powder. Put the saucepan back onto a medium heat and slowly bring it to the boil, stirring all the time. Once the sauce has thickened, place on a very low heat. Add the cooked chicken and vegetables to the sauce and stir well. Grease a medium-size ovenproof pie dish with a little butter and pour in the chicken and mushroom filling.



Carefully lay the potatoes on top of the hot-pot filling, overlapping them slightly, almost like a pie top.



Brush the potatoes with a little melted butter and cook in the oven for about 35 mins. The hot-pot is ready once the potatoes are cooked and golden brown. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uuuspp1511297945.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXKWu4GojNI
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 377: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52796 Chicken Alfredo Primavera Chicken Italian Heat 1 tablespoon of butter and 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season both sides of each chicken breast with seasoned salt and a pinch of pepper. Add the chicken to the skillet and cook for 5-7 minutes on each side, or until cooked through.  While the chicken is cooking, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Season the boiling water with a few generous pinches of kosher salt. Add the pasta and give it a stir. Cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, about 12 minutes. Reserve 1/2 cup of  pasta water before draining the pasta.  Remove the chicken from the pan and transfer it to a cutting board; allow it to rest. Turn the heat down to medium and dd the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter and olive oil to the same pan you used to cook the chicken. Add the veggies (minus the garlic) and red pepper flakes to the pan and stir to coat with the oil and butter (refrain from seasoning with salt until the veggies are finished browning). Cook, stirring often, until the veggies are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and a generous pinch of salt and pepper to the pan and cook for 1 minute.  Deglaze the pan with the white wine. Continue to cook until the wine has reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Stir in the milk, heavy cream, and reserved pasta water. Bring the mixture to a gentle boil and allow to simmer and reduce for 2-3 minutes. Turn off the heat and add the Parmesan cheese and cooked pasta. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Garnish with Parmesan cheese and chopped parsley, if desired.  https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/syqypv1486981727.jpg Pasta,Meat,Dairy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCIbq8HywpQ
52934 Chicken Basquaise Chicken French Preheat the oven to 180°C/Gas mark 4. Have the chicken joints ready to cook. Heat the butter and 3 tbsp olive oil in a flameproof casserole or large frying pan. Brown the chicken pieces in batches on both sides, seasoning them with salt and pepper as you go. Don't crowd the pan - fry the chicken in small batches, removing the pieces to kitchen paper as they are done.



Add a little more olive oil to the casserole and fry the onions over a medium heat for 10 minutes, stirring frequently, until softened but not browned. Add the rest of the oil, then the peppers and cook for another 5 minutes.



Add the chorizo, sun-dried tomatoes and garlic and cook for 2-3 minutes. Add the rice, stirring to ensure it is well coated in the oil. Stir in the tomato paste, paprika, bay leaves and chopped thyme. Pour in the stock and wine. When the liquid starts to bubble, turn the heat down to a gentle simmer. Press the rice down into the liquid if it isn't already submerged and place the chicken on top. Add the lemon wedges and olives around the chicken.



Cover and cook in the oven for 50 minutes. The rice should be cooked but still have some bite, and the chicken should have juices that run clear when pierced in the thickest part with a knife. If not, cook for another 5 minutes and check again. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wruvqv1511880994.jpg Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emfm6TwsVhg
52956 Chicken Congee Chicken Chinese STEP 1 - MARINATING THE CHICKEN

In a bowl, add chicken, salt, white pepper, ginger juice and then mix it together well.

Set the chicken aside.

STEP 2 - RINSE THE WHITE RICE

Rinse the rice in a metal bowl or pot a couple times and then drain the water.

STEP 2 - BOILING THE WHITE RICE

Next add 8 cups of water and then set the stove on high heat until it is boiling. Once rice porridge starts to boil, set the stove on low heat and then stir it once every 8-10 minutes for around 20-25 minutes.

After 25 minutes, this is optional but you can add a little bit more water to make rice porridge to make it less thick or to your preference.

Next add the marinated chicken to the rice porridge and leave the stove on low heat for another 10 minutes.

After an additional 10 minutes add the green onions, sliced ginger, 1 pinch of salt, 1 pinch of white pepper and stir for 10 seconds.

Serve the rice porridge in a bowl

Optional: add Coriander on top of the rice porridge. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1529446352.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqEfk801E94
52850 Chicken Couscous Chicken Moroccan Heat the olive oil in a large frying pan and cook the onion for 1-2 mins just until softened. Add the chicken and fry for 7-10 mins until cooked through and the onions have turned golden. Grate over the ginger, stir through the harissa to coat everything and cook for 1 min more.



Tip in the apricots, chickpeas and couscous, then pour over the stock and stir once. Cover with a lid or tightly cover the pan with foil and leave for about 5 mins until the couscous has soaked up all the stock and is soft. Fluff up the couscous with a fork and scatter over the coriander to serve. Serve with extra harissa, if you like. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qxytrx1511304021.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZQGy9oscVk
52765 Chicken Enchilada Casserole Chicken Mexican Cut each chicken breast in about 3 pieces, so that it cooks faster and put it in a small pot. Pour Enchilada sauce over it and cook covered on low to medium heat until chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. No water is needed, the chicken will cook in the Enchilada sauce. Make sure you stir occasionally so that it doesn't stick to the bottom.

Remove chicken from the pot and shred with two forks.

Preheat oven to 375 F degrees.

Start layering the casserole. Start with about ¼ cup of the leftover Enchilada sauce over the bottom of a baking dish. I used a longer baking dish, so that I can put 2 corn tortillas across. Place 2 tortillas on the bottom, top with ⅓ of the chicken and ⅓ of the remaining sauce. Sprinkle with ⅓ of the cheese and repeat starting with 2 more tortillas, then chicken, sauce, cheese. Repeat with last layer with the remaining ingredients, tortillas, chicken, sauce and cheese.

Bake for 20 to 30 minutes uncovered, until bubbly and cheese has melted and started to brown on top.

Serve warm. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qtuwxu1468233098.jpg Casserole,Cheasy,Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtVkwVKLc_M
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2153' in position 759: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52818 Chicken Fajita Mac and Cheese Chicken American Fry your onion, peppers and garlic in olive oil until nicely translucent. Make a well in your veg and add your chicken. Add your seasoning and salt. Allow to colour slightly.

Add your cream, stock and macaroni.

Cook on low for 20 minutes. Add your cheeses, stir to combine.

Top with roasted peppers and parsley. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qrqywr1503066605.jpg Pasta,Cheasy,Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwTSmLTZKNg
52875 Chicken Ham and Leek Pie Chicken British Heat the chicken stock in a lidded saucepan. Add the chicken breast and bring to a low simmer. Cover with a lid and cook for 10 minutes. Remove the chicken breasts from the water with tongs and place on a plate. Pour the cooking liquor into a large jug.

Melt 25g/1oz of the butter in a large heavy-based saucepan over a low heat. Stir in the leeks and fry gently for two minutes, stirring occasionally until just softened. Add the garlic and cook for a further minute. Add the remaining butter and stir in the flour as soon as the butter has melted. Cook for 30 seconds, stirring constantly.

Slowly pour the milk into the pan, just a little at a time, stirring well between each adding. Gradually add 250ml/10fl oz of the reserved stock and the wine, if using, stirring until the sauce is smooth and thickened slightly. Bring to a gentle simmer and cook for 3 minutes.

Season the mixture, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Remove from the heat and stir in the cream. Pour into a large bowl and cover the surface of the sauce with cling ilm to prevent a skin forming. Set aside to cool.

Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6. Put a baking tray in the oven to heat.

For the pastry, put the flour and butter in a food processor and blend on the pulse setting until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. With the motor running, add the beaten egg and water and blend until the mixture forms a ball. Portion off 250g/10oz of pastry for the lid.

Roll the remaining pastry out on a lightly floured surface, turning the pastry frequently until around 5mm/¼in thick and 4cm/1½in larger than the pie dish. Lift the pastry over the rolling pin and place it gently into the pie dish. Press the pastry firmly up the sides, making sure there are no air bubbles. Leave the excess pastry overhanging the sides.

Cut the chicken breasts into 3cm/1¼in pieces. Stir the chicken, ham and leeks into the cooled sauce. Pour the chicken filling into the pie dish. Brush the rim of the dish with beaten egg. Roll out the reserved pastry for the lid.

Cover the pie with the pastry lid and press the edges together firmly to seal. Trim any excess pastry.

Make a small hole in the centre of the pie with the tip of a knife. Glaze the top of the pie with beaten egg. Bake on the preheated tray in the centre of the oven for 35-40 minutes or until the pie is golden-brown all over and the filling is piping hot. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xrrtss1511555269.jpg Pie,Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr-CpPE_lNk
52795 Chicken Handi Chicken Indian Take a large pot or wok, big enough to cook all the chicken, and heat the oil in it. Once the oil is hot, add sliced onion and fry them until deep golden brown. Then take them out on a plate and set aside.

To the same pot, add the chopped garlic and sauté for a minute. Then add the chopped tomatoes and cook until tomatoes turn soft. This would take about 5 minutes.

Then return the fried onion to the pot and stir. Add ginger paste and sauté well.

Now add the cumin seeds, half of the coriander seeds and chopped green chillies. Give them a quick stir.

Next goes in the spices – turmeric powder and red chilli powder. Sauté the spices well for couple of minutes.

Add the chicken pieces to the wok, season it with salt to taste and cook the chicken covered on medium-low heat until the chicken is almost cooked through. This would take about 15 minutes. Slowly sautéing the chicken will enhance the flavor, so do not expedite this step by putting it on high heat.

When the oil separates from the spices, add the beaten yogurt keeping the heat on lowest so that the yogurt doesn’t split. Sprinkle the remaining coriander seeds and add half of the dried fenugreek leaves. Mix well.

Finally add the cream and give a final mix to combine everything well.

Sprinkle the remaining kasuri methi and garam masala and serve the chicken handi hot with naan or rotis. Enjoy! https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wyxwsp1486979827.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IO0issT0Rmc
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 655: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52831 Chicken Karaage Chicken Japanese Add the ginger, garlic, soy sauce, sake and sugar to a bowl and whisk to combine. Add the chicken, then stir to coat evenly. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.



Add 1 inch of vegetable oil to a heavy bottomed pot and heat until the oil reaches 360 degrees F. Line a wire rack with 2 sheets of paper towels and get your tongs out. Put the potato starch in a bowl



Add a handful of chicken to the potato starch and toss to coat each piece evenly.



Fry the karaage in batches until the exterior is a medium brown and the chicken is cooked through. Transfer the fried chicken to the paper towel lined rack. If you want the karaage to stay crispy longer, you can fry the chicken a second time, until it's a darker color after it's cooled off once. Serve with lemon wedges. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/tyywsw1505930373.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XivddFddthc
52920 Chicken Marengo Chicken French Heat the oil in a large flameproof casserole dish and stir-fry the mushrooms until they start to soften. Add the chicken legs and cook briefly on each side to colour them a little.

Pour in the passata, crumble in the stock cube and stir in the olives. Season with black pepper – you shouldn’t need salt. Cover and simmer for 40 mins until the chicken is tender. Sprinkle with parsley and serve with pasta and a salad, or mash and green veg, if you like. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qpxvuq1511798906.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U33HYUr-0Fw
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 352: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52879 Chicken Parmentier Chicken French For the topping, boil the potatoes in salted water until tender. Drain and push through a potato ricer, or mash thoroughly. Stir in the butter, cream and egg yolks. Season and set aside.

For the filling, melt the butter in a large pan. Add the shallots, carrots and celery and gently fry until soft, then add the garlic. Pour in the wine and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the tomato purée, chopped tomatoes and stock and cook for 10–15 minutes, until thickened. Add the shredded chicken, olives and parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper.

Preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4.

Put the filling in a 20x30cm/8x12in ovenproof dish and top with the mashed potato. Grate over the Gruyère. Bake for 30–35 minutes, until piping hot and the potato is golden-brown. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uwvxpv1511557015.jpg Meat,Dairy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiG-xlmeyjg
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 507: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52832 Coq au vin Chicken French Heat 1 tbsp of the oil in a large, heavy-based saucepan or flameproof dish. Tip in the bacon and fry until crisp. Remove and drain on kitchen paper. Add the shallots to the pan and fry, stirring or shaking the pan often, for 5-8 mins until well browned all over. Remove and set aside with the bacon.

Pat the chicken pieces dry with kitchen paper. Pour the remaining oil into the pan, then fry half the chicken pieces, turning regularly, for 5-8 mins until well browned. Remove, then repeat with the remaining chicken. Remove and set aside.

Scatter in the garlic and fry briefly, then, with the heat medium-high, pour in the brandy or Cognac, stirring the bottom of the pan to deglaze. The alcohol should sizzle and start to evaporate so there is not much left.

Return the chicken legs and thighs to the pan along with any juices, then pour in a little of the wine, stirring the bottom of the pan again. Stir in the rest of the wine, the stock and tomato purée, drop in the bouquet garni, season with pepper and a pinch of salt, then return the bacon and shallots to the pan. Cover, lower the heat to a gentle simmer, add the chicken breasts and cook for 50 mins-1hr.

Just before ready to serve, heat the oil for the mushrooms in a large non-stick frying pan. Add the mushrooms and fry over a high heat for a few mins until golden. Remove and keep warm.

Lift the chicken, shallots and bacon from the pan and transfer to a warmed serving dish. Remove the bouquet garni. To make the thickener, mix the flour, olive oil and butter in a small bowl using the back of a teaspoon. Bring the wine mixture to a gentle boil, then gradually drop in small pieces of the thickener, whisking each piece in using a wire whisk. Simmer for 1-2 mins. Scatter the mushrooms over the chicken, then pour over the wine sauce. Garnish with chopped parsley. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qstyvs1505931190.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ise46LADBs
52830 Crock Pot Chicken Baked Tacos Chicken Mexican Put the uncooked chicken breasts in the crock pot. Pour the full bottle of salad dressing over the chicken. Sprinkle the rest of the ingredients over the top and mix them in a bit with a spoon.

Cover your crock pot with the lid and cook on high for 4 hours.

Remove all the chicken breasts from the crock pot and let cool.

Shred the chicken breasts and move to a glass bowl.

Pour most of the liquid over the shredded chicken.

FOR THE TACOS:

Make the guacamole sauce by mixing the avocado and green salsa together. Pour the guacamole mixture through a strainer until smooth and transfer to a squeeze bottle. Cut the tip off the lid of the squeeze bottle to make the opening more wide if needed.

Make the sour cream sauce by mixing the sour cream and milk together until you get a more liquid sour cream sauce. Transfer to a squeeze bottle.

In a 9x 13 glass baking dish, fill all 12+ tacos with a layer of refried beans, cooked chicken and shredded cheese.

Bake at 450 for 10-15 minutes just until the cheese is melted and bubbling.

Out of the oven top all the tacos with the sliced grape tomaotes, jalapeno and cilantro.

Finish with a drizzle of guacamole and sour cream.

Enjoy! https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ypxvwv1505333929.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqL0mLDBzS4
52951 General Tso's Chicken Chicken Chinese DIRECTIONS:

STEP 1 - SAUCE

In a bowl, add 2 Cups of water, 2 Tablespoon soy sauce, 2 Tablespoon white vinegar, sherry cooking wine, 1/4 Teaspoon white pepper, minced ginger, minced garlic, hot pepper, ketchup, hoisin sauce, and sugar.

Mix together well and set aside.

STEP 2 - MARINATING THE CHICKEN

In a bowl, add the chicken, 1 pinch of salt, 1 pinch of white pepper, 2 egg whites, and 3 Tablespoon of corn starch

STEP 3 - DEEP FRY THE CHICKEN

Deep fry the chicken at 350 degrees for 3-4 minutes or until it is golden brown and loosen up the chicken so that they don't stick together.

Set the chicken aside.

STEP 4 - STIR FRY

Add the sauce to the wok and then the broccoli and wait until it is boiling.

To thicken the sauce, whisk together 2 Tablespoon of cornstarch and 4 Tablespoon of water in a bowl and slowly add to your stir-fry until it's the right thickness.

Next add in the chicken and stir-fry for a minute and serve on a plate https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1529444113.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWGwz0iBmvU
52937 Jerk chicken with rice & peas Chicken Jamaican To make the jerk marinade, combine all the ingredients in a food processor along with 1 tsp salt, and blend to a purée. If you’re having trouble getting it to blend, just keep turning off the blender, stirring the mixture, and trying again. Eventually it will start to blend up – don’t be tempted to add water, as you want a thick paste.



Taste the jerk mixture for seasoning – it should taste pretty salty, but not unpleasantly, puckering salty. You can now throw in more chillies if it’s not spicy enough for you. If it tastes too salty and sour, try adding in a bit more brown sugar until the mixture tastes well balanced.



Make a few slashes in the chicken thighs and pour the marinade over the meat, rubbing it into all the crevices. Cover and leave to marinate overnight in the fridge.



If you want to barbecue your chicken, get the coals burning 1 hr or so before you’re ready to cook. Authentic jerked meats are not exactly grilled as we think of grilling, but sort of smoke-grilled. To get a more authentic jerk experience, add some wood chips to your barbecue, and cook your chicken over slow, indirect heat for 30 mins. To cook in the oven, heat to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Put the chicken pieces in a roasting tin with the lime halves and cook for 45 mins until tender and cooked through.



While the chicken is cooking, prepare the rice & peas. Rinse the rice in plenty of cold water, then tip it into a large saucepan with all the remaining ingredients except the kidney beans. Season with salt, add 300ml cold water and set over a high heat. Once the rice begins to boil, turn it down to a medium heat, cover and cook for 10 mins.



Add the beans to the rice, then cover with a lid. Leave off the heat for 5 mins until all the liquid is absorbed. Squeeze the roasted lime over the chicken and serve with the rice & peas, and some hot sauce if you like it really spicy. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/tytyxu1515363282.jpg Chilli,Curry https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfchrS2D_v4
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 216: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52820 Katsu Chicken curry Chicken Japanese Prep:15min  ›  Cook:30min  ›  Ready in:45min 



For the curry sauce: Heat oil in medium non-stick saucepan, add onion and garlic and cook until softened. Stir in carrots and cook over low heat for 10 to 12 minutes.

Add flour and curry powder; cook for 1 minute. Gradually stir in stock until combined; add honey, soy sauce and bay leaf. Slowly bring to the boil.

Turn down heat and simmer for 20 minutes or until sauce thickens but is still of pouring consistency. Stir in garam masala. Pour the curry sauce through a sieve; return to saucepan and keep on low heat until ready to serve.

For the chicken: Season both sides of chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Place flour, egg and breadcrumbs in separate bowls and arrange in a row. Coat the chicken breasts in flour, then dip them into the egg, then coat in breadcrumbs, making sure you cover both sides.

Heat oil in large frying pan over medium-high heat. Place chicken into hot oil and cook until golden brown, about 3 or 4 minutes each side. Once cooked, place on kitchen paper to absorb excess oil.

Pour curry sauce over chicken, serve with white rice and enjoy! https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vwrpps1503068729.jpg Curry,Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWzxDFRtVbc
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u203a' in position 92: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52813 Kentucky Fried Chicken Chicken American Preheat fryer to 350°F. Thoroughly mix together all the spice mix ingredients.

Combine spice mix with flour, brown sugar and salt.

Dip chicken pieces in egg white to lightly coat them, then transfer to flour mixture. Turn a few times and make sure the flour mix is really stuck to the chicken. Repeat with all the chicken pieces.

Let chicken pieces rest for 5 minutes so crust has a chance to dry a bit.

Fry chicken in batches. Breasts and wings should take 12-14 minutes, and legs and thighs will need a few more minutes. Chicken pieces are done when a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 165°F.

Let chicken drain on a few paper towels when it comes out of the fryer. Serve hot. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xqusqy1487348868.jpg Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTUxCvCz8Bc
52945 Kung Pao Chicken Chicken Chinese Combine the sake or rice wine, soy sauce, sesame oil and cornflour dissolved in water. Divide mixture in half.

In a glass dish or bowl, combine half of the sake mixture with the chicken pieces and toss to coat. Cover dish and place in refrigerator for about 30 minutes.

In a medium frying pan, combine remaining sake mixture, chillies, vinegar and sugar. Mix together and add spring onion, garlic, water chestnuts and peanuts. Heat sauce slowly over medium heat until aromatic.

Meanwhile, remove chicken from marinade and sauté in a large frying pan until juices run clear. When sauce is aromatic, add sautéed chicken and let simmer together until sauce thickens. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1525872624.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqdcCHQlOe0
52782 Lamb tomato and sweet spices Chicken Moroccan Use pickled vine leaves here, preserved in brine. Small delicate leaves are better than the large bristly ones but, if only large leaves are to hand, then trim them to roughly 12 by 12 cms so that you don't get too many layers of leaves around the filling. And remove any stalks. Drain the preserved leaves, immerse them in boiling water for 10 minutes and then leave to dry on a tea towel before use. 

Basmati rice with butter and pine nuts is an ideal accompaniment. Couscous is great, too. Serves four.

First make the filling. Put all the ingredients, apart from the tomatoes, in a bowl. Cut the tomatoes in half, coarsely grate into the bowl and discard the skins. Add half a teaspoon of salt and some black pepper, and stir. Leave on the side, or in the fridge, for up to a day. Before using, gently squeeze with your hands and drain away any juices that come out.

To make the sauce, heat the oil in a medium pan. Add the ginger and garlic, cook for a minute or two, taking care not to burn them, then add the tomato, lemon juice and sugar. Season, and simmer for 20 minutes.

While the sauce is bubbling away, prepare the vine leaves. Use any torn or broken leaves to line the base of a wide, heavy saucepan. Trim any leaves from the fennel, cut it vertically into 0.5cm-thick slices and spread over the base of the pan to cover completely.

Lay a prepared vine leaf (see intro) on a work surface, veiny side up. Put two teaspoons of filling at the base of the leaf in a 2cm-long by 1cm-wide strip. Fold the sides of the leaf over the filling, then roll it tightly from bottom to top, in a cigar shape. Place in the pan, seam down, and repeat with the remaining leaves, placing them tightly next to each other in lines or circles (in two layers if necessary).

Pour the sauce over the leaves (and, if needed, add water just to cover). Place a plate on top, to weigh the leaves down, then cover with a lid. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and cook on a bare simmer for 70 minutes. Most of the liquid should evaporate. Remove from the heat, and leave to cool a little - they are best served warm. When serving, bring to the table in the pan - it looks great. Serve a few vine leaves and fennel slices with warm rice. Spoon the braising juices on top and garnish with coriander. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qtwtss1468572261.jpg Vegetarian https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaZb1MnFBgA
52777 Mediterranean Pasta Salad Chicken Italian Bring a large saucepan of salted water to the boil

Add the pasta, stir once and cook for about 10 minutes or as directed on the packet.

Meanwhile, wash the tomatoes and cut into quarters. Slice the olives. Wash the basil.

Put the tomatoes into a salad bowl and tear the basil leaves over them. Add a tablespoon of olive oil and mix.

When the pasta is ready, drain into a colander and run cold water over it to cool it quickly.

Toss the pasta into the salad bowl with the tomatoes and basil.

Add the sliced olives, drained mozzarella balls, and chunks of tuna. Mix well and let the salad rest for at least half an hour to allow the flavours to mingle.

Sprinkle the pasta with a generous grind of black pepper and drizzle with the remaining olive oil just before serving. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wvqpwt1468339226.jpg Pasta https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e52IL8zYmaE
52851 Nutty Chicken Curry Chicken Indian Finely slice a quarter of the chilli, then put the rest in a food processor with the ginger, garlic, coriander stalks and one-third of the leaves. Whizz to a rough paste with a splash of water if needed.

Heat the oil in a frying pan, then quickly brown the chicken chunks for 1 min. Stir in the paste for another min, then add the peanut butter, stock and yogurt. When the sauce is gently bubbling, cook for 10 mins until the chicken is just cooked through and sauce thickened. Stir in most of the remaining coriander, then scatter the rest on top with the chilli, if using. Eat with rice or mashed sweet potato. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/yxsurp1511304301.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSQNfZxOdeU
52774 Pad See Ew Chicken Thai Mix Sauce in small bowl.

Mince garlic into wok with oil. Place over high heat, when hot, add chicken and Chinese broccoli stems, cook until chicken is light golden.

Push to the side of the wok, crack egg in and scramble. Don't worry if it sticks to the bottom of the wok - it will char and which adds authentic flavour.

Add noodles, Chinese broccoli leaves and sauce. Gently mix together until the noodles are stained dark and leaves are wilted. Serve immediately! https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uuuspp1468263334.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ohy1DELF4is
52780 Potato Gratin with Chicken Chicken Unknown 15 minute potato gratin with chicken and bacon greens: a gratin always seems more effort and more indulgent than ordinary boiled or roasts, but it doesn't have to take 45mins, it's nice for a change and you can control the calorie content by going with full fat to low fat creme fraiche. (It's always tastes better full fat though obviously!) to serve 4: use 800g of potatoes, finely slice and boil in a pan for about 5-8 mins till firmish, not soft. Finely slice 3 onions and place in an oven dish with 2 tblsp of olive oil and 100ml of chicken stock. Cook till the onions are soft then drain the potatoes and pour onto the onions. Season and spoon over cream or creme fraiche till all is covered but not swimming. Grate Parmesan over the top then finish under the grill till nicely golden. serve with chicken and bacon, peas and spinach. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qwrtut1468418027.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3u8eiy3yHI
52933 Rappie Pie Chicken Canadian Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 10x14x2-inch baking pan.

Heat margarine in a skillet over medium heat; stir in onion. Cook and stir until onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and continue to cook and stir until onion is very tender and dark brown, about 40 minutes more.

Bring chicken broth to a boil in a large pot; stir in chicken breasts, reduce heat, and simmer until chicken is no longer pink at the center, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Remove chicken breasts to a plate using a slotted spoon; reserve broth.

Juice potatoes with an electric juicer; place dry potato flesh into a bowl and discard juice. Stir salt and pepper into potatoes; stir in enough reserved broth to make the mixture the consistency of oatmeal. Set remaining broth aside.

Spread half of potato mixture evenly into the prepared pan. Lay cooked chicken breast evenly over potatoes; scatter caramelized onion evenly over chicken. Spread remaining potato mixture over onions and chicken to cover.

Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown, about 1 hour. Reheat chicken broth; pour over individual servings as desired. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ruwpww1511817242.jpg Pie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ys2kZnTVXAM
52806 Tandoori chicken Chicken Indian Mix the lemon juice with the paprika and red onions in a large shallow dish. Slash each chicken thigh three times, then turn them in the juice and set aside for 10 mins.

Mix all of the marinade ingredients together and pour over the chicken. Give everything a good mix, then cover and chill for at least 1 hr. This can be done up to a day in advance.

Heat the grill. Lift the chicken pieces onto a rack over a baking tray. Brush over a little oil and grill for 8 mins on each side or until lightly charred and completely cooked through. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qptpvt1487339892.jpg Spicy,Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CKvt1KNU74
52772 Teriyaki Chicken Casserole Chicken Japanese Preheat oven to 350° F. Spray a 9x13-inch baking pan with non-stick spray.

Combine soy sauce, ½ cup water, brown sugar, ginger and garlic in a small saucepan and cover. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove lid and cook for one minute once boiling.

Meanwhile, stir together the corn starch and 2 tablespoons of water in a separate dish until smooth. Once sauce is boiling, add mixture to the saucepan and stir to combine. Cook until the sauce starts to thicken then remove from heat.

Place the chicken breasts in the prepared pan. Pour one cup of the sauce over top of chicken. Place chicken in oven and bake 35 minutes or until cooked through. Remove from oven and shred chicken in the dish using two forks.

*Meanwhile, steam or cook the vegetables according to package directions.

Add the cooked vegetables and rice to the casserole dish with the chicken. Add most of the remaining sauce, reserving a bit to drizzle over the top when serving. Gently toss everything together in the casserole dish until combined. Return to oven and cook 15 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand 5 minutes before serving. Drizzle each serving with remaining sauce. Enjoy! https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wvpsxx1468256321.jpg Meat,Casserole https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aZr5hZXP_s
52814 Thai Green Curry Chicken Thai Put the potatoes in a pan of boiling water and cook for 5 minutes. Throw in the beans and cook for a further 3 minutes, by which time both should be just tender but not too soft. Drain and put to one side.

In a wok or large frying pan, heat the oil until very hot, then drop in the garlic and cook until golden, this should take only a few seconds. Don’t let it go very dark or it will spoil the taste. Spoon in the curry paste and stir it around for a few seconds to begin to cook the spices and release all the flavours. Next, pour in the coconut milk and let it come to a bubble.

Stir in the fish sauce and sugar, then the pieces of chicken. Turn the heat down to a simmer and cook, covered, for about 8 minutes until the chicken is cooked.

Tip in the potatoes and beans and let them warm through in the hot coconut milk, then add a lovely citrussy flavour by stirring in the shredded lime leaves (or lime zest). The basil leaves go in next, but only leave them briefly on the heat or they will quickly lose their brightness. Scatter with the lime garnish and serve immediately with boiled rice. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sstssx1487349585.jpg Curry,Mild https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIbKVpBQKJI
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 426: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52893 Apple & Blackberry Crumble Desert British Heat oven to 190C/170C fan/gas 5. Tip the flour and sugar into a large bowl. Add the butter, then rub into the flour using your fingertips to make a light breadcrumb texture. Do not overwork it or the crumble will become heavy. Sprinkle the mixture evenly over a baking sheet and bake for 15 mins or until lightly coloured.

Meanwhile, for the compote, peel, core and cut the apples into 2cm dice. Put the butter and sugar in a medium saucepan and melt together over a medium heat. Cook for 3 mins until the mixture turns to a light caramel. Stir in the apples and cook for 3 mins. Add the blackberries and cinnamon, and cook for 3 mins more. Cover, remove from the heat, then leave for 2-3 mins to continue cooking in the warmth of the pan.

To serve, spoon the warm fruit into an ovenproof gratin dish, top with the crumble mix, then reheat in the oven for 5-10 mins. Serve with vanilla ice cream. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xvsurr1511719182.jpg Pudding https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vhcOwVBDO4
52768 Apple Frangipan Tart Desert British Preheat the oven to 200C/180C Fan/Gas 6.

Put the biscuits in a large re-sealable freezer bag and bash with a rolling pin into fine crumbs. Melt the butter in a small pan, then add the biscuit crumbs and stir until coated with butter. Tip into the tart tin and, using the back of a spoon, press over the base and sides of the tin to give an even layer. Chill in the fridge while you make the filling.

Cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. You can do this in a food processor if you have one. Process for 2-3 minutes. Mix in the eggs, then add the ground almonds and almond extract and blend until well combined.

Peel the apples, and cut thin slices of apple. Do this at the last minute to prevent the apple going brown. Arrange the slices over the biscuit base. Spread the frangipane filling evenly on top. Level the surface and sprinkle with the flaked almonds.

Bake for 20-25 minutes until golden-brown and set.

Remove from the oven and leave to cool for 15 minutes. Remove the sides of the tin. An easy way to do this is to stand the tin on a can of beans and push down gently on the edges of the tin.

Transfer the tart, with the tin base attached, to a serving plate. Serve warm with cream, crème fraiche or ice cream. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wxywrq1468235067.jpg Tart,Baking,Fruity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp8Slv4INLk
52767 Bakewell tart Desert British To make the pastry, measure the flour into a bowl and rub in the butter with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs. Add the water, mixing to form a soft dough.

Roll out the dough on a lightly floured work surface and use to line a 20cm/8in flan tin. Leave in the fridge to chill for 30 minutes.

Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6 (180C fan).

Line the pastry case with foil and fill with baking beans. Bake blind for about 15 minutes, then remove the beans and foil and cook for a further five minutes to dry out the base.

For the filing, spread the base of the flan generously with raspberry jam.

Melt the butter in a pan, take off the heat and then stir in the sugar. Add ground almonds, egg and almond extract. Pour into the flan tin and sprinkle over the flaked almonds.

Bake for about 35 minutes. If the almonds seem to be browning too quickly, cover the tart loosely with foil to prevent them burning. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wyrqqq1468233628.jpg Tart,Baking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ahpSTf_Pvk
52855 Banana Pancakes Desert American In a bowl, mash the banana with a fork until it resembles a thick purée. Stir in the eggs, baking powder and vanilla.

Heat a large non-stick frying pan or pancake pan over a medium heat and brush with half the oil. Using half the batter, spoon two pancakes into the pan, cook for 1-2 mins each side, then tip onto a plate. Repeat the process with the remaining oil and batter. Top the pancakes with the pecans and raspberries. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sywswr1511383814.jpg Breakfast,Desert,Sweet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSKtb2Sv-_U
52894 Battenberg Cake Desert British Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4 and line the base and sides of a 20cm square tin with baking parchment (the easiest way is to cross 2 x 20cm-long strips over the base). To make the almond sponge, put the butter, sugar, flour, ground almonds, baking powder, eggs, vanilla and almond extract in a large bowl. Beat with an electric whisk until the mix comes together smoothly. Scrape into the tin, spreading to the corners, and bake for 25-30 mins – when you poke in a skewer, it should come out clean. Cool in the tin for 10 mins, then transfer to a wire rack to finish cooling while you make the second sponge.

For the pink sponge, line the tin as above. Mix all the ingredients together as above, but don’t add the almond extract. Fold in some pink food colouring. Then scrape it all into the tin and bake as before. Cool.

To assemble, heat the jam in a small pan until runny, then sieve. Barely trim two opposite edges from the almond sponge, then well trim a third edge. Roughly measure the height of the sponge, then cutting from the well-trimmed edge, use a ruler to help you cut 4 slices each the same width as the sponge height. Discard or nibble leftover sponge. Repeat with pink cake.

Take 2 x almond slices and 2 x pink slices and trim so they are all the same length. Roll out one marzipan block on a surface lightly dusted with icing sugar to just over 20cm wide, then keep rolling lengthways until the marzipan is roughly 0.5cm thick. Brush with apricot jam, then lay a pink and an almond slice side by side at one end of the marzipan, brushing jam in between to stick sponges, and leaving 4cm clear marzipan at the end. Brush more jam on top of the sponges, then sandwich remaining 2 slices on top, alternating colours to give a checkerboard effect. Trim the marzipan to the length of the cakes.

Carefully lift up the marzipan and smooth over the cake with your hands, but leave a small marzipan fold along the bottom edge before you stick it to the first side. Trim opposite side to match size of fold, then crimp edges using fingers and thumb (or, more simply, press with prongs of fork). If you like, mark the 10 slices using the prongs of a fork.

Assemble second Battenberg and keep in an airtight box or well wrapped in cling film for up to 3 days. Can be frozen for up to a month. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ywwrsp1511720277.jpg Cake,Sweet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aB41Q7kDZQ0
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 520: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52928 BeaverTails Desert Canadian In the bowl of a stand mixer, add warm water, a big pinch of sugar and yeast. Allow to sit until frothy.

Into the same bowl, add 1/2 cup sugar, warm milk, melted butter, eggs and salt, and whisk until combined.

Place a dough hook on the mixer, add the flour with the machine on, until a smooth but slightly sticky dough forms.

Place dough in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and allow to proof for 1 1/2 hours.

Cut dough into 12 pieces, and roll out into long oval-like shapes about 1/4 inch thick that resemble a beaver’s tail.

In a large, deep pot, heat oil to 350 degrees. Gently place beavertail dough into hot oil and cook for 30 to 45 seconds on each side until golden brown.

Drain on paper towels, and garnish as desired. Toss in cinnamon sugar, in white sugar with a squeeze of lemon, or with a generous slathering of Nutella and a handful of toasted almonds. Enjoy! https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ryppsv1511815505.jpg Treat,Pudding,Speciality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2G07UOqU2e8
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 595: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52891 Blackberry Fool Desert British For the biscuits, preheat the oven to 200C/180C (fan)/Gas 6 and line two large baking trays with baking parchment. Scatter the nuts over a baking tray and roast in the oven for 6-8 minutes, or until golden-brown. Watch them carefully so that they don’t have a chance to burn. Remove from the oven, tip onto a board and leave to cool.

Put the butter and sugar in a large bowl and beat with a wooden spoon until light and creamy. Roughly chop the cooled nuts and add to the creamed butter and sugar, along with the lemon zest, flour and baking powder. Stir well until the mixture comes together and forms a ball – you may need to use your hands.

Divide the biscuit dough into 24 even pieces and roll into small balls. Place the balls the prepared baking trays, spaced well apart to allow for spreading.

Press the biscuits to flatten to around 1cm/½in thick. Bake the biscuits, one tray at a time, for 12 minutes or until very pale golden-brown. Leave to cool on the trays. They will be very soft when you take them out of the oven, but will crisp as they cool.

Store in an airtight tin and eat within five days.

For the fool, rinse the blackberries in a colander to wash away any dust or dirt. Put the blackberries in a non-stick saucepan and sprinkle over the caster sugar.

Stir in the lemon juice and heat gently for two minutes, or until the blackberries begin to soften and release their juices. Remove and reserve 12 blackberries for decoration and continue cooking the rest.

Simmer the blackberries very gently for 15 minutes, stirring regularly until very soft and squidgy. Remove from the heat and press the berries and juice through a sieve over a bowl, using the bottom of a ladle to help you extract as much of the purée as possible. Leave the purée to cool and discard the seeds. You should end up with around 325ml/11fl oz of purée.

Put the cream and yoghurt in a large bowl and whip with an electric whisk until soft peaks form when the whisk is removed from the bowl – the acidity of the fruit will thicken the cream further, so don’t take it too far.

When the purée is completely cold, adjust the sweetness to taste by adding more sugar if needed. Pour it into the bowl with the whipped cream and yoghurt and stir just once or twice until very lightly combined.

Spoon the blackberry fool into individual wide, glass dishes – or one large, single bowl. It should look quite marbled, so don’t over-stir it. Scatter a few tiny mint leaves on top and decorate with the reserved blackberries. Sprinkle with a little sugar if you like and serve with the hazelnut biscuits. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rpvptu1511641092.jpg Desert,Summer,Fruity,Dairy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kniRGjDLFrQ
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 324: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52792 Bread and Butter Pudding Desert British Grease a 1 litre/2 pint pie dish with butter.

Cut the crusts off the bread. Spread each slice with on one side with butter, then cut into triangles.

Arrange a layer of bread, buttered-side up, in the bottom of the dish, then add a layer of sultanas. Sprinkle with a little cinnamon, then repeat the layers of bread and sultanas, sprinkling with cinnamon, until you have used up all of the bread. Finish with a layer of bread, then set aside.

Gently warm the milk and cream in a pan over a low heat to scalding point. Don't let it boil.

Crack the eggs into a bowl, add three quarters of the sugar and lightly whisk until pale.

Add the warm milk and cream mixture and stir well, then strain the custard into a bowl.

Pour the custard over the prepared bread layers and sprinkle with nutmeg and the remaining sugar and leave to stand for 30 minutes.

Preheat the oven to 180C/355F/Gas 4.

Place the dish into the oven and bake for 30-40 minutes, or until the custard has set and the top is golden-brown. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xqwwpy1483908697.jpg Pudding https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vz5W1-BmOE4
52923 Canadian Butter Tarts Desert Canadian Preheat the oven to fan 170C/ conventional 190C/gas 5. Roll out the pastry on a lightly floured surface so it’s slightly thinner than straight from the pack. Then cut out 18-20 rounds with a 7.5cm fluted cutter, re-rolling the trimmings. Use the rounds to line two deep 12-hole tart tins (not muffin tins). If you only have a regular-sized, 12-hole tart tin you will be able to make a few more slightly shallower tarts.

Beat the eggs in a large bowl and combine with the rest of the ingredients except the walnuts. Tip this mixture into a pan and stir continuously for 3-4 minutes until the butter melts, and the mixture bubbles and starts to thicken. It should be thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon. Don’t overcook, and be sure to stir all the time as the mixture can easily burn. Remove from the heat and stir in the nuts.

Spoon the filling into the unbaked tart shells so it’s level with the pastry. Bake for 15-18 minutes until set and pale golden. Leave in the tin to cool for a few minutes before lifting out on to a wire rack. Serve warm or cold. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wpputp1511812960.jpg Speciality,Snack,Desert,Pudding https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUpaOGghOdo
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 190: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52897 Carrot Cake Desert British For the carrot cake, preheat the oven to 160C/325F/Gas 3. Grease and line a 26cm/10in springform cake tin.

Mix all of the ingredients for the carrot cake, except the carrots and walnuts, together in a bowl until well combined. Stir in the carrots and walnuts.

Spoon the mixture into the cake tin and bake for 1 hour 15 minutes, or until a skewer inserted into the middle comes out clean. Remove the cake from the oven and set aside to cool for 10 minutes, then carefully remove the cake from the tin and set aside to cool completely on a cooling rack.

Meanwhile, for the icing, beat the cream cheese, caster sugar and butter together in a bowl until fluffy. Spread the icing over the top of the cake with a palette knife. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vrspxv1511722107.jpg Cake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asjZ7iTrGKA
52898 Chelsea Buns Desert British Sift the flour and salt into a large bowl. Make a well in the middle and add the yeast.

Meanwhile, warm the milk and butter in a saucepan until the butter melts and the mixture is lukewarm.

Add the milk mixture and egg to the flour mixture and stir until the contents of the bowl come together as a soft dough. (You may need to add a little extra flour.)

Tip the dough onto a generously floured work surface. Knead for five minutes, adding more flour if necessary, until the dough is smooth and elastic and no longer feels sticky.

Lightly oil a bowl with a little of the vegetable oil. Place the dough into the bowl and turn until it is covered in the oil. Cover the bowl with cling film and set aside in a warm place for one hour, or until the dough has doubled in size.

Lightly grease a baking tray.

For the filling, knock the dough back to its original size and turn out onto a lightly floured work surface. Roll the dough out into a rectangle 0.5cm/¼in thick. Brush all over with the melted butter, then sprinkle over the brown sugar, cinnamon and dried fruit.

Roll the dough up into a tight cylinder , cut ten 4cm/1½in slice and place them onto a lightly greased baking sheet, leaving a little space between each slice. Cover with a tea towel and set aside to rise for 30 minutes.

Preheat oven to 190C/375F/Gas 5.

Bake the buns in the oven for 20-25 minutes, or until risen and golden-brown.

Meanwhile, for the glaze, heat the milk and sugar in a saucepan until boiling. Reduce the heat and simmer for 2-3 minutes.

Remove the buns from the oven and brush with the glaze, then set aside to cool on a wire rack. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vqpwrv1511723001.jpg Bun,Baking,Treat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_zemP3yBKw
52910 Chinon Apple Tarts Desert French To make the red wine jelly, put the red wine, jam sugar, star anise, clove, cinnamon stick, allspice, split vanilla pod and seeds in a medium saucepan. Stir together, then heat gently to dissolve the sugar. Turn up the heat and boil for 20 mins until reduced and syrupy. Strain into a small, sterilised jam jar and leave to cool completely. Will keep in the fridge for up to 1 month.



Take the pastry out of the fridge and leave at room temperature for 10 mins, then unroll. Heat the grill to high and heat the oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Cut out 2 x 13cm circles of pastry, using a plate as a guide, and place on a non-stick baking sheet. Sprinkle each circle with 1 tbsp sugar and grill for 5 mins to caramelise, watching carefully so that the sugar doesn’t burn. Remove from the grill. Can be done a few hours ahead, and left, covered, out of the fridge.



Peel, quarter and core the apples, cut into 2mm-thin slices and arrange on top of the pastry. Sprinkle over the remaining sugar and pop in the oven for 20-25 mins until the pastry is cooked through and golden, and the apples are softened. Remove and allow to cool slightly. Warm 3 tbsp of the red wine jelly in a small pan over a low heat with 1 tsp water to make it a little more runny, then brush over the top of the tarts.



Tip the crème fraîche into a bowl, sift over the icing sugar and cardamom, and mix together. Carefully lift the warm tarts onto serving plates and serve with the cardamom crème fraîche. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qtqwwu1511792650.jpg Tart,Baking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dAW9HQgtCk
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 836: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52856 Choc Chip Pecan Pie Desert American First, make the pastry. Tip the ingredients into a food processor with 1 /4 tsp salt. Blend until the mixture resembles breadcrumbs. Drizzle 2-3 tsp cold water into the funnel while the blade is running – the mixture should start to clump together. Tip onto a work surface and bring together, kneading briefly into a ball. Pat into a disc, wrap in cling film, and chill for at least 20 mins. Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6.



Remove the pastry from the fridge and leave at room temperature for 5 mins to soften. Flour the work surface, then unwrap the pastry and roll to a circle the thickness of a £1 coin. Use the pastry to line a deep, 23cm round fluted tin – mine was about 3cm deep. Press the pastry into the corners and up the sides, making sure there are no gaps. Leave 1cm pastry overhanging (save some of the pastry scraps for later). Line with baking parchment (scrunch it up first to make it more pliable) and fill with baking beans. Blind-bake for 15-20 mins until the sides are set, then remove the parchment and beans and return to the oven for 5 mins until golden brown. Trim the pastry so it’s flush with the top of the tin – a small serrated knife is best for this. If there are any cracks, patch them up with the pastry scraps.



Meanwhile, weigh the butter, syrup and sugars into a pan, and add 1 /4 tsp salt. Heat until the butter has melted and the sugar dissolved, stirring until smooth. Remove from the heat and cool for 10 mins. Reduce oven to 160C/140C fan/gas 3.



Beat the eggs in a bowl. Add the syrup mixture, vanilla and pecans, and mix until well combined. Pour half the mixture into the tart case, scatter over half the chocolate chips, then cover with the remaining filling and chocolate chips. Bake on the middle shelf for 50-55 mins until set. Remove from the oven and leave to cool, then chill for at least 2 hrs before serving. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rqvwxt1511384809.jpg Pie,Desert,Sweet,Nutty https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDpoT0jvg4Y
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 282: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52853 Chocolate Avocado Mousse Desert British 1. Blend all the mousse ingredients together in your food processor until smooth. Add the cacao powder first and, as you blend, have all the ingredients to hand in order to adjust the ratios slightly as the size of avocados and bananas varies so much. The perfect ratio in order to avoid the dish tasting too much of either is to use equal amounts of both.



2. Taste and add a few drops of stevia if you feel you need more sweetness.



3. Fill little cups or shot glasses with the mousse, sprinkle with the cacao powder or nibs and serve.



Tip If you don’t have a frozen banana to hand you can just use a normal one and then chill the mousse before serving for a cooling dessert. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uttuxy1511382180.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuZffe60q4M
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 642: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52776 Chocolate Gateau Desert French Preheat the oven to 180°C/350°F/Gas Mark 4. Grease and line the base of an 8 in round spring form cake tin with baking parchment

Break the chocolate into a heatproof bowl and place over a saucepan of gently simmering water and stir until it melts. (or melt in the microwave for 2-3 mins stirring occasionally)

Place the butter and sugar in a mixing bowl and cream together with a wooden spoon until light and fluffy. Gradually beat in the eggs, adding a little flour if the mixture begins to curdle. Fold in the remaining flour with the cooled, melted chocolate and milk. Mix until smooth.

Spread the mixture into the cake tin and bake for 50-55 mins or until firm in the centre and a skewer comes out cleanly. Cool for 10 minutes, then turn out and cool completely. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/tqtywx1468317395.jpg Cake,Chocolate,Desert,Pudding https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsJtgmAhFF4
52860 Chocolate Raspberry Brownies Desert American Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Line a 20 x 30cm baking tray tin with baking parchment. Put the chocolate, butter and sugar in a pan and gently melt, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon. Remove from the heat.

Stir the eggs, one by one, into the melted chocolate mixture. Sieve over the flour and cocoa, and stir in. Stir in half the raspberries, scrape into the tray, then scatter over the remaining raspberries. Bake on the middle shelf for 30 mins or, if you prefer a firmer texture, for 5 mins more. Cool before slicing into squares. Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/yypvst1511386427.jpg Chocolate,Desert,Snack https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pi89PqsAaAg
52905 Chocolate Souffle Desert French Heat oven to 220C/fan 200C/gas 7 and place a baking tray on the top shelf. For the sauce, heat the cream and sugar until boiling. Remove from the heat, stir in the chocolate and butter until melted, then keep warm.

Brush 6 x 150ml ramekins with melted butter, sprinkle with the 2 tbsp caster sugar, then tip out any excess. Melt the chocolate and cream in a bowl over a pan of simmering water, cool, then mix in the egg yolks. Whisk the egg whites until they hold their shape, then add the sugar, 1 tbsp at a time, whisking back to the same consistency. Mix a spoonful into the chocolate, then gently fold in the rest.

Working quickly, fill the ramekins, wipe the rims clean and run your thumb around the edges. Turn oven down to 200C/fan 180C/gas 6, place the ramekins onto the baking tray, then bake for 8-10 mins until risen with a slight wobble. Don’t open the oven door too early as this may make them collapse.

Once the soufflés are ready, dust with icing sugar, scoop a small hole from their tops, then pour in some of the hot chocolate sauce. Replace the lids and serve straight away. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/twspvx1511784937.jpg DinnerParty,Desert,Pudding,Chocolate https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWqfkUEWOTg
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 930: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52788 Christmas Pudding Flapjack Desert British Preheat the oven to 180°C/fan 160°C/gas mark 4 and grease and line a 25cm x 20cm tin. Melt the butter, sugar, syrup and orange zest in a large saucepan over a medium heat. The aim is to dissolve all the ingredients so that they are smooth, but to not lose any volume through boiling so be careful not to overheat.



Add the oats and stir well until evenly coated. Stir through the leftover Christmas pudding and tip into the prepared tin. Use a spoon to flatten the top and bake for 40 minutes until the edges start to brown. Whilst still warm in the tin, score into 12 squares. Allow to cool completely before cutting along the scores.



Keeps for 5 days in an air tight tin or freeze for up to 1 month. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vvusxs1483907034.jpg Snack https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaqvGvEiwzU
52899 Dundee cake Desert British Put the almonds into a small bowl and pour over boiling water to just cover. Leave for 5 mins then drain in a sieve and leave to dry.

Preheat the oven to 180C/160 C fan/Gas Mark 4. Line a deep loose-based 20cm cake tin with baking parchment.

Put the butter in a large bowl and beat well until soft. Add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Stir in the orange zest and apricot jam.

Sieve together the flour and baking powder. Add the eggs to the creamed butter and sugar, a little at a time, beating well between each addition. If the mixture starts to curdle, stir in a little flour.

Add the remaining flour and ground almonds and mix well. Mix in the milk and then add the dried fruit and cherries and mix gently together.

Spoon the mixture into the prepared tin and spread level using the back of a spoon. Arrange the whole almonds close together in neat circles on the top of the cake. Bake in the oven for 45 mins.

Lower the oven temperature to 160C/140 C fan/Gas Mark 3 and cook for a further 60–80 minutes. Check the cake after 50 minutes by inserting a wooden or metal skewer into the cake. When it’s done it should have just a few crumbs attached. Check every 10 minutes - it’s important not to overcook this cake so the centre will be a little soft.

When cooked, remove the cake briefly from the oven, put the milk and sugar into a small pan and heat gently until the sugar has dissolved. Brush over the top of the cake and return the cake to the oven for 2-3 mins. Remove and allow the cake to cool in the tin. When quite cold remove from the tin and wrap in foil and keep for at least 2 days before cutting. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wxyvqq1511723401.jpg heavy,Nutty,Fruity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hEXsfpeMQE
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 1082: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52888 Eccles Cakes Desert British To make the pastry, dice the butter and put it in the freezer to go really hard. Tip flour into the bowl of a food processor with half the butter and pulse to the texture of breadcrumbs. Pour in the lemon juice and 100ml iced water, and pulse to a dough. Tip in the rest of the butter and pulse a few times until the dough is heavily flecked with butter. It is important that you don’t overdo this as the flecks of butter are what makes the pastry flaky.

On a floured surface roll the pastry out to a neat rectangle about 20 x 30cm. Fold the two ends of the pastry into the middle (See picture 1), then fold in half (pic 2). Roll the pastry out again and refold the same way 3 more times resting the pastry for at least 15 mins each time between roll and fold, then leave to rest in the fridge for at least 30 mins before using.

To make the filling, melt the butter in a large saucepan. Take it off the heat and stir in all the other ingredients until completely mixed, then set aside.

To make the cakes, roll the pastry out until it’s just a little thicker than a £1 coin and cut out 8 rounds about 12cm across. Re-roll the trimming if needed. Place a good heaped tablespoon of mixture in the middle of each round, brush the edges of the rounds with water, then gather the pastry around the filling and squeeze it together (pic 3). Flip them over so the smooth top is upwards and pat them into a smooth round. Flatten each round with a rolling pin to an oval until the fruit just starts to poke through, then place on a baking tray. Cut 2 little slits in each Eccles cakes, brush generously with egg white and sprinkle with the sugar (pic 4).

Heat the oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 8. Bake the Eccles cakes for 15-20 mins until just past golden brown and sticky. Leave to cool on a rack and enjoy while still warm or cold with a cup of tea. If you prefer, Eccles cakes also go really well served with a wedge of hard, tangy British cheese such as Lancashire or cheddar. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wtqrqw1511639627.jpg Snack,Treat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xV0QCJ0GD5w
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 454: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52791 Eton Mess Desert British Purée half the strawberries in a blender. Chop the remaining strawberries, reserving four for decoration.

Whip the double cream until stiff peaks form, then fold in the strawberry purée and crushed meringue. Fold in the chopped strawberries and ginger cordial, if using.

Spoon equal amounts of the mixture into four cold wine glasses. Serve garnished with the remaining strawberries and a sprig of mint. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uuxwvq1483907861.jpg Dairy,Fruity,Desert,Treat,Speciality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43WgiNq54L8
52787 Hot Chocolate Fudge Desert American Line an 8-inch-square baking pan with wax paper or foil, and coat with non-stick spray.

In a microwave-safe bowl, combine the dark chocolate chips, heavy cream and half of the sweetened condensed milk. Microwave the dark chocolate mixture in 20-second intervals, stirring in between each interval, until the chocolate is melted.

Add the vanilla extract to the dark chocolate mixture and stir well until smooth.

Transfer the dark chocolate mixture into the prepared pan and spread into an even layer.

In a separate bowl, combine the white chocolate chips with the remaining half of the sweetened condensed milk. Microwave the white chocolate mixture in 20-second intervals, stirring in between each interval, until the chocolate is melted.

Evenly spread the white chocolate mixture on top of dark chocolate layer.

Top the chocolate layers with the Mallow Bits or miniature marshmallows, and gently press them down.

Refrigerate for 4 hours, or until set.

Remove the fudge and wax paper from the pan. Carefully peel all of the wax paper from the fudge.

Cut the fudge into bite-sized pieces and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xrysxr1483568462.jpg Snack,Chocolate https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJvbsVSblfk
52890 Jam Roly-Poly Desert British Put a deep roasting tin onto the bottom shelf of the oven, and make sure that there’s another shelf directly above it. Pull the roasting tin out on its shelf, fill two-thirds with boiling water from the kettle, then carefully slide it back in. Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Tear off a large sheet of foil and greaseproof paper (about 30 x 40cm). Sit the greaseproof on top of the foil and butter it.

Tip butter, flour and vanilla seeds into a food processor; pulse until the butter has disappeared. Tip into a mixing bowl. Stir through the suet, pour in the milk and work together with a cutlery knife until you get a sticky dough. You may need a drop more milk, depending on your flour.

Tip the dough out onto a floured surface, quickly pat together to smooth, then roll out to a square roughly 25 x 25cm. Spread the jam all over, leaving a gap along one edge, then roll up from the opposite edge. Pinch the jam-free edge into the dough where it meets, and pinch the ends roughly, too. Carefully lift onto the greased paper, join-side down (you might find a flat baking sheet helpful for this), loosely bring up the paper and foil around it, then scrunch together along the edges and ends to seal. The roly-poly will puff quite a bit during cooking so don’t wrap it tightly. Lift the parcel directly onto the rack above the tin and cook for 1 hr.

Let the pudding sit for 5 mins before unwrapping, then carefully open the foil and paper, and thickly slice to serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ysqupp1511640538.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZYWVQ8imVA
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 155: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52859 Key Lime Pie Desert American Heat the oven to 160C/fan 140C/gas 3. Whizz the biscuits to crumbs in a food processor (or put in a strong plastic bag and bash with a rolling pin). Mix with the melted butter and press into the base and up the sides of a 22cm loose-based tart tin. Bake in the oven for 10 minutes. Remove and cool.

Put the egg yolks in a large bowl and whisk for a minute with electric beaters. Add the condensed milk and whisk for 3 minutes then add the zest and juice and whisk again for 3 minutes. Pour the filling into the cooled base then put back in the oven for 15 minutes. Cool then chill for at least 3 hours or overnight if you like.

When you are ready to serve, carefully remove the pie from the tin and put on a serving plate. To decorate, softly whip together the cream and icing sugar. Dollop or pipe the cream onto the top of the pie and finish with extra lime zest. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qpqtuu1511386216.jpg Cake,Pie,Desert,Fruity,Sour https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4Rz7tUkX9A
52900 Madeira Cake Desert British Pre-heat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4. Grease an 18cm/7in round cake tin, line the base with greaseproof paper and grease the paper.

Cream the butter and sugar together in a bowl until pale and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, beating the mixture well between each one and adding a tablespoon of the flour with the last egg to prevent the mixture curdling.

Sift the flour and gently fold in, with enough milk to give a mixture that falls slowly from the spoon. Fold in the lemon zest.

Spoon the mixture into the prepared tin and lightly level the top. Bake on the middle shelf of the oven for 30-40 minutes, or until golden-brown on top and a skewer inserted into the centre comes out clean.

Remove from the oven and set aside to cool in the tin for 10 minutes, then turn it out on to a wire rack and leave to cool completely.

To serve, decorate the cake with the candied peel. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/urtqut1511723591.jpg Cake,Light https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YDh4WEmK_E
52924 Nanaimo Bars Desert Canadian Start by making the biscuit base. In a bowl, over a pan of simmering water, melt the butter with the sugar and cocoa powder, stirring occasionally until smooth. Whisk in the egg for 2 to 3 mins until the mixture has thickened. Remove from heat and mix in the biscuit crumbs, coconut and almonds if using, then press into the base of a lined 20cm square tin. Chill for 10 mins.

For the middle layer, make the custard icing; whisk together the butter, cream and custard powder until light and fluffy, then gradually add the icing sugar until fully incorporated. Spread over the bottom layer and chill in the fridge for at least 10 mins until the custard is no longer soft.

Melt the chocolate and butter together in the microwave, then spread over the chilled bars and put back in the fridge. Leave until the chocolate has fully set (about 2 hrs). Take the mixture out of the tin and slice into squares to serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vwuprt1511813703.jpg Treat,Snack,Dairy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMrE4I1ZtWo
52858 New York cheesecake Desert American Position an oven shelf in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to fan 160C/conventional 180C/gas 4. Line the base of a 23cm springform cake tin with parchment paper. For the crust, melt the butter in a medium pan. Stir in the biscuit crumbs and sugar so the mixture is evenly moistened. Press the mixture into the bottom of the pan and bake for 10 minutes. Cool on a wire rack while preparing the filling.

For the filling, increase the oven temperature to fan 200C/conventional 240C/gas 9. In a table top mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the soft cheese at medium-low speed until creamy, about 2 minutes. With the mixer on low, gradually add the sugar, then the flour and a pinch of salt, scraping down the sides of the bowl and the paddle twice.

Swap the paddle attachment for the whisk. Continue by adding the vanilla, lemon zest and juice. Whisk in the eggs and yolk, one at a time, scraping the bowl and whisk at least twice. Stir the 284ml carton of soured cream until smooth, then measure 200ml/7fl oz (just over 3⁄4 of the carton). Continue on low speed as you add the measured soured cream (reserve the rest). Whisk to blend, but don't over-beat. The batter should be smooth, light and somewhat airy.

Brush the sides of the springform tin with melted butter and put on a baking sheet. Pour in the filling - if there are any lumps, sink them using a knife - the top should be as smooth as possible. Bake for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to fan 90C/conventional 110C/gas 1⁄4 and bake for 25 minutes more. If you gently shake the tin, the filling should have a slight wobble. Turn off the oven and open the oven door for a cheesecake that's creamy in the centre, or leave it closed if you prefer a drier texture. Let cool in the oven for 2 hours. The cheesecake may get a slight crack on top as it cools.

Combine the reserved soured cream with the 142ml carton, the sugar and lemon juice for the topping. Spread over the cheesecake right to the edges. Cover loosely with foil and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or overnight.

Run a round-bladed knife around the sides of the tin to loosen any stuck edges. Unlock the side, slide the cheesecake off the bottom of the tin onto a plate, then slide the parchment paper out from underneath. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/swttys1511385853.jpg Desert,Dairy,Pudding,Cake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tspdJ6hxqnc
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2044' in position 1118: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52854 Pancakes Desert American Put the flour, eggs, milk, 1 tbsp oil and a pinch of salt into a bowl or large jug, then whisk to a smooth batter. Set aside for 30 mins to rest if you have time, or start cooking straight away.

Set a medium frying pan or crêpe pan over a medium heat and carefully wipe it with some oiled kitchen paper. When hot, cook your pancakes for 1 min on each side until golden, keeping them warm in a low oven as you go.

Serve with lemon wedges and sugar, or your favourite filling. Once cold, you can layer the pancakes between baking parchment, then wrap in cling film and freeze for up to 2 months. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rwuyqx1511383174.jpg Breakfast,Desert,Sweet,Fruity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWuuCndtJr0
52902 Parkin Cake Desert British Heat oven to 160C/140C fan/gas 3. Grease a deep 22cm/9in square cake tin and line with baking parchment. Beat the egg and milk together with a fork.



Gently melt the syrup, treacle, sugar and butter together in a large pan until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat. Mix together the oatmeal, flour and ginger and stir into the syrup mixture, followed by the egg and milk.



Pour the mixture into the tin and bake for 50 mins - 1 hr until the cake feels firm and a little crusty on top. Cool in the tin then wrap in more parchment and foil and keep for 3-5 days before eating if you can – it’ll become softer and stickier the longer you leave it, up to 2 weeks.

 https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qxuqtt1511724269.jpg Caramel https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1lG4vk2MQA
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 669: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52862 Peach & Blueberry Grunt Desert American Heat oven to 190C/170C fan/gas 5. Butter a wide shallow ovenproof dish. Blend the cornflour with the orange zest and juice, and put in a large pan with the sugar. Halve, stone and slice the peaches and add to the pan. Bring slowly to the boil, stirring gently until the sauce is shiny and thickened, about 3-4 mins. Remove from the heat, stir in the blueberries and tip into the prepared dish.

Tip the flour into a mixing bowl and add the 50g butter. Rub the butter into the flour until it resembles fine breadcrumbs, then stir in half the sugar. Mix the remaining sugar with the cinnamon and set aside.

Add the milk to the dry ingredients and mix to a soft dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead briefly. Roll out to an oblong roughly 16 x 24cm. Brush with melted butter and sprinkle evenly with the spicy sugar. Roll up from one long side and cut into 12 slices. Arrange around the top of the dish, leaving the centre uncovered.

Bake for 20-25 mins, until the topping is crisp and golden. Serve warm. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ssxvup1511387476.jpg Desert,Pudding,Fruity https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNeO28BCpsc
52861 Peanut Butter Cheesecake Desert American Oil and line a 20cm round loose- bottomed cake tin with cling film, making it as smooth as possible. Melt the butter in a pan. Crush the biscuits by bashing them in a bag with a rolling pin, then stir them into the butter until very well coated. Press the mixture firmly into the base of the tin and chill.

Soak the gelatine in water while you make the filling. Tip the ricotta into a bowl, then beat in the peanut butter and syrup. Ricotta has a slightly grainy texture so blitz until smooth with a stick blender for a smoother texture if you prefer.

Take the soaked gelatine from the water and squeeze dry. Put it into a pan with the milk and heat very gently until the gelatine dissolves. Beat into the peanut mixture, then tip onto the biscuit base. Chill until set.

To freeze, leave in the tin and as soon as it is solid, cover the surface with cling film, then wrap the tin with cling film and foil.

To defrost, thaw in the fridge overnight.

To serve, carefully remove from the tin. Whisk the cream with the sugar until it holds its shape, then spread on top of the cheesecake and scatter with the peanut brittle. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qtuuys1511387068.jpg Cake,Desert,Treat,UnHealthy,Speciality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSTsturcyL0
52958 Peanut Butter Cookies Desert American Preheat oven to 350ºF (180ºC).

In a large bowl, mix together the peanut butter, sugar, and egg.

Scoop out a spoonful of dough and roll it into a ball. Place the cookie balls onto a nonstick baking sheet.

For extra decoration and to make them cook more evenly, flatten the cookie balls by pressing a fork down on top of them, then press it down again at a 90º angle to make a criss-cross pattern.

Bake for 8-10 minutes or until the bottom of the cookies are golden brown.

Remove from baking sheet and cool.

Enjoy! https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1544384070.jpg Breakfast,UnHealthy 
52916 Pear Tarte Tatin Desert French Core the pears, then peel as neatly as possible and halve. If you like, they can be prepared up to a day ahead and kept in the fridge, uncovered, so that they dry out.

Tip the sugar, butter, star anise, cardamom and cinnamon into an ovenproof frying pan, about 20cm wide, and place over a high heat until bubbling. Shake the pan and stir the buttery sauce until it separates and the sugar caramelises to a toffee colour.

Lay the pears in the pan, then cook in the sauce for 10-12 mins, tossing occasionally, until completely caramelised. Don’t worry about them burning – they won’t – but you want to caramelise them as much as possible. Splash in the brandy and let it flambé, then set the pears aside.

Heat oven to 200C/fan 180C/gas 6. Roll the pastry out to the thickness of a £1 coin. Using a plate slightly larger than the top of the pan, cut out a circle, then press the edges of the circle of pastry to thin them out.

When the pears have cooled slightly, arrange them in the pan, cut side up, in a floral shape, with the pears around the edge pointing inwards. Rest the cinnamon stick on the top in the centre, with the cardamom pods scattered around.

Drape the pastry over the pears, then tuck the edges down the pan sides and under the fruit (see Gordon’s guide). Pierce the pastry a few times, then bake for 15 mins. If a lot of juice bubbles up the side of the pan, pour it off at this stage (see guide). Reduce oven to 180C/fan 160C/gas 4 and bake for 15 mins more until the pastry is golden. Leave the tart to stand for 10 mins, then invert it carefully onto a serving dish. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rxvxrr1511797671.jpg Tart,Glazed,Baking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8U1tKWKDeWA
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 617: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52932 Pouding chomeur Desert Canadian In a large bowl, with an electric mixer, mix the butter and sugar till the mix is light.

Add eggs and vanilla and mix.

In another bowl, mix flour and baking powder.

Alternate flour mix and milk to the butter mix.

Pour into a 13 inch by 9 inch greased pan.

MAPLE SAUCE.

In a large casserole, bring to boil the syrup, brown sugar, cream and butter and constantly stir.

Reduce heat and and gently cook 2 minutes or till sauce has reduced a little bit.

Pour sauce gently over cake.

Bake at 325°f (160°c) about 35 minutes or till cake is light brown and when toothpick inserted comes out clean. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/yqqqwu1511816912.jpg Pudding https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFvj71RZYPc
52857 Pumpkin Pie Desert American Place the pumpkin in a large saucepan, cover with water and bring to the boil. Cover with a lid and simmer for 15 mins or until tender. Drain pumpkin; let cool.

Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Roll out the pastry on a lightly floured surface and use it to line a 22cm loose-bottomed tart tin. Chill for 15 mins. Line the pastry with baking parchment and baking beans, then bake for 15 mins. Remove the beans and paper, and cook for a further 10 mins until the base is pale golden and biscuity. Remove from the oven and allow to cool slightly.

Increase oven to 220C/200C fan/gas 7. Push the cooled pumpkin through a sieve into a large bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the sugar, salt, nutmeg and half the cinnamon. Mix in the beaten eggs, melted butter and milk, then add to the pumpkin purée and stir to combine. Pour into the tart shell and cook for 10 mins, then reduce the temperature to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Continue to bake for 35-40 mins until the filling has just set.

Leave to cool, then remove the pie from the tin. Mix the remaining cinnamon with the icing sugar and dust over the pie. Serve chilled. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/usuqtp1511385394.jpg Halloween,Pie,Desert https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpapqEeb36k
52901 Rock Cakes Desert British Preheat oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4 and line a baking tray with baking parchment.

Mix the flour, sugar and baking powder in a bowl and rub in the cubed butter until the mixture looks like breadcrumbs, then mix in the dried fruit.

In a clean bowl, beat the egg and milk together with the vanilla extract.

Add the egg mixture to the dry ingredients and stir with a spoon until the mixture just comes together as a thick, lumpy dough. Add a teaspoon more milk if you really need it to make the mixture stick together.

Place golfball-sized spoons of the mixture onto the prepared baking tray. Leave space between them as they will flatten and spread out to double their size during baking.

Bake for 15-20 minutes, until golden-brown. Remove from the oven, allow to cool for a couple of minutes then turn them out onto a wire rack to cool. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/tqrrsq1511723764.jpg Baking,Cake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tY3taZO3Aro
52786 Rocky Road Fudge Desert American Line an 8-inch-square baking pan with wax paper or foil, and coat with non-stick spray.

Pour ½ cup of the miniature marshmallows into the bottom of the lined baking dish.

In a microwave-safe bowl, combine the chocolate chips and peanut butter. Microwave the chocolate mixture in 20-second intervals, stirring in between each interval, until the chocolate is melted.

Add the vanilla extract and stir well, until smooth.

Reserve 2 tablespoons of the chopped almonds or peanuts, and set aside.

Fold 1 ½ cups of the miniature marshmallows and the remaining chopped nuts into the chocolate mixture.

Transfer the chocolate mixture into the prepared pan and spread into an even layer. Immediately top with the reserved chopped nuts and the mallow bits or additional miniature marshmallows, if using.

Refrigerate for 4 hours, or until set.

Remove the fudge and wax paper from the pan. Carefully peel all of wax paper from the fudge.

Cut the fudge into bite-sized pieces and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vtxyxv1483567157.jpg Chocolate,Snack,Sweet,Baking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1aJ3nEYXyg
52833 Salted Caramel Cheescake Desert American 1) Blitz the biscuits and the pretzels in a food processor and mix the biscuits with the melted butter. Spread on the bottom of an 8″/20cm Deep Springform Tin and press down firmly. Leave to set in the fridge whilst you make the rest!



2) Using an electric mixer, I use my KitchenAid with the whisk attachment, whisk together the cream cheese, vanilla, and icing sugar until smooth and then add the caramel and whisk again until smooth and lump free – this could take a couple of minutes, I whisk it at half speed so not too quick or slow!



3) Pour in the double cream & Salt flakes and continue to whisk for a couple of minutes until its very thick and mousse like (I mix it on a medium speed, level 6/10) – Now this could take up to 5 minutes depending on your mixer, but you seriously have to stick at it – it will hold itself completely when finished mixing (like a meringue does!) If you don’t mix it enough it will not set well enough, but don’t get impatient and whisk it really quick because that’ll make it split! Spread over the biscuit base and leave to set in the fridge overnight.



4) Remove the Cheesecake from the tin carefully and decorate the cheesecake – I drizzled over some of the spare caramel, and then some Toffee Popcorn and more Pretzels! https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xqrwyr1511133646.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5dQp3qpmI4
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2033' in position 216: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52886 Spotted Dick Desert British Put the flour and salt in a bowl. Add the suet, currants, sugar, lemon and orange zest.

Pour in 150ml milk and mix to a firm but moist dough, adding the extra milk if necessary.

Shape into a fat roll about 20cm long. Place on a large rectangle of baking parchment. Wrap loosely to allow for the pudding to rise and tie the ends with string like a Christmas cracker.

Place a steamer over a large pan of boiling water, add the pudding to the steamer, cover and steam for 1 1/2 hours. Top up the pan with water from time to time.

Remove from the steamer and allow to cool slightly before unwrapping. Serve sliced with custard. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xqvyqr1511638875.jpg Fruity,Pudding,Desert https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fu15XOF-ros
52883 Sticky Toffee Pudding Desert British Preheat the oven to 180C/160C Fan/Gas 4. Butter a wide shallow 1.7-litre/3-pint ovenproof dish.

Put the butter, sugar, eggs, flour, baking powder, bicarbonate of soda and treacle into a mixing bowl. Beat using an electric handheld whisk for about 30 seconds or until combined. Pour in the milk gradually and whisk again until smooth. Pour into the prepared dish. Bake for 35–40 minutes or until well risen and springy in the centre.

To make the sauce, put all the ingredients into a saucepan and stir over a low heat until the sugar has dissolved and the butter has melted. Bring to the boil, stirring for a minute.

To serve, pour half the sauce over the pudding in the baking dish. Serve with the cream or ice cream. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xqqqtu1511637379.jpg Pudding,Cake,Desert https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wytv3bjqJII
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 455: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52793 Sticky Toffee Pudding Ultimate Desert British Stone and chop the dates quite small, put them in a bowl, then pour the boiling water over. Leave for about 30 mins until cool and well-soaked, then mash a bit with a fork. Stir in the vanilla extract. Butter and flour seven mini pudding tins (each about 200ml/7fl oz) and sit them on a baking sheet. Heat oven to 180C/fan 160C/gas 4.

While the dates are soaking, make the puddings. Mix the flour and bicarbonate of soda together and beat the eggs in a separate bowl. Beat the butter and sugar together in a large bowl for a few mins until slightly creamy (the mixture will be grainy from the sugar). Add the eggs a little at a time, beating well between additions. Beat in the black treacle then, using a large metal spoon, gently fold in one-third of the flour, then half the milk, being careful not to overbeat. Repeat until all the flour and milk is used. Stir the soaked dates into the pudding batter. The mix may look a little curdled at this point and will be like a soft, thick batter. Spoon it evenly between the tins and bake for 20-25 mins, until risen and firm.

Meanwhile, put the sugar and butter for the sauce in a medium saucepan with half the cream. Bring to the boil over a medium heat, stirring all the time, until the sugar has completely dissolved. Stir in the black treacle, turn up the heat slightly and let the mixture bubble away for 2-3 mins until it is a rich toffee colour, stirring occasionally to make sure it doesn’t burn. Take the pan off the heat and beat in the rest of the cream.

Remove the puddings from the oven. Leave in the tins for a few mins, then loosen them well from the sides of the tins with a small palette knife before turning them out. You can serve them now with the sauce drizzled over, but they’ll be even stickier if left for a day or two coated in the sauce. To do this, pour about half the sauce into one or two ovenproof serving dishes. Sit the upturned puddings on the sauce, then pour the rest of the sauce over them. Cover with a loose tent of foil so that the sauce doesn’t smudge (no need to chill).

When ready to serve, heat oven to 180C/fan 160C/gas 4. Warm the puddings through, still covered, for 15-20 mins or until the sauce is bubbling. Serve them on their own, or with cream or custard. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xrptpq1483909204.jpg Pudding,Desert,Cake,Dairy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKq6RbxJHBo
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 1535: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52931 Sugar Pie Desert Canadian Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9-inch pie dish.

Place the brown sugar and butter in a mixing bowl, and beat them together with an electric mixer until creamy and very well combined, without lumps. Beat in eggs, one at a time, incorporating the first egg before adding the next one. Add the vanilla extract and salt; beat the flour in, a little at a time, and then the milk, making a creamy batter. Pour the batter into the prepared pie dish.

Bake in the preheated oven for 35 minutes; remove pie, and cover the rim with aluminum foil to prevent burning. Return to oven, and bake until the middle sets and the top forms a crusty layer, about 15 more minutes. Let the pie cool to room temperature, then refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/yrstur1511816601.jpg Pie,Desert https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVQ66jiL-Dc
52889 Summer Pudding Desert British Bring out the juices: Wash fruit and gently dry on kitchen paper – keep strawberries separate. Put sugar and 3 tbsp water into a large pan. Gently heat until sugar dissolves – stir a few times. Bring to a boil for 1 min, then tip in the fruit (not strawberries). Cook for 3 mins over a low heat, stirring 2-3 times. The fruit will be softened, mostly intact and surrounded by dark red juice. Put a sieve over a bowl and tip in the fruit and juice.

Line the bowl with cling film and prepare the bread: Line the 1.25-litre basin with cling film as this will help you to turn out the pudding. Overlap two pieces of cling film in the middle of the bowl as it’s easier than trying to get one sheet to stick to all of the curves. Let the edges overhang by about 15cm. Cut the crusts off the bread. Cut 4 pieces of bread in half, a little on an angle, to give 2 lopsided rectangles per piece. Cut 2 slices into 4 triangles each and leave the final piece whole.

Build the pud: Dip the whole piece of bread into the juice for a few secs just to coat. Push this into the bottom of the basin. Now dip the wonky rectangular pieces one at a time and press around the basin’s sides so that they fit together neatly, alternately placing wide and narrow ends up. If you can’t quite fit the last piece of bread in it doesn’t matter, just trim into a triangle, dip in juice and slot in. Now spoon in the softened fruit, adding the strawberries here and there as you go.

Let flavours mingle then serve: Dip the bread triangles in juice and place on top – trim off overhang with scissors. Keep leftover juice for later. Bring cling film up and loosely seal. Put a side plate on top and weight down with cans. Chill for 6 hrs or overnight. To serve, open out cling film then put a serving plate upside-down on top and flip over. serve with leftover juice, any extra berries and cream. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rsqwus1511640214.jpg Summer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akJIO6UhXtA
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 138: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52909 Tarte Tatin Desert French Roll the pastry to a 3mm-thick round on a lightly floured surface and cut a 24cm circle, using a plate as a guide. Lightly prick all over with a fork, wrap in cling film on a baking sheet and freeze while preparing the apples.

Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Peel, quarter and core the apples. Put the sugar in a flameproof 20cm ceramic Tatin dish or a 20cm ovenproof heavy-based frying pan and place over a medium-high heat. Cook the sugar for 5-7 mins to a dark amber caramel syrup that’s starting to smoke, then turn off the heat and stir in the 60g diced chilled butter.

To assemble the Tarte Tatin, arrange the apple quarters very tightly in a circle around the edge of the dish first, rounded-side down, then fill in the middle in a similar fashion. Gently press with your hands to ensure there are no gaps. Brush the fruit with the melted butter.

Bake in the oven for 30 mins, then remove and place the disc of frozen puff pastry on top – it will quickly defrost. Tuck the edges down the inside of the dish and, with a knife, prick a few holes in the pastry to allow steam to escape. Bake for a further 40-45 mins until the pastry is golden brown and crisp.

Allow to cool to room temperature for 1 hr before running a knife around the edge of the dish and inverting it onto a large serving plate that is deep enough to contain the juices. Serve with crème fraîche or vanilla ice cream. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ryspuw1511786688.jpg Treat,Tart,Desert,DinnerParty https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xDM8U6h9Pw
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 560: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52929 Timbits Desert Canadian Sift together dry ingredients.

Mix together wet ingredients and incorporate into dry. Stir until smooth.

Drop by teaspoonfuls(no bigger) into hot oil (365 degrees, no hotter), turning after a few moments until golden brown on all sides.

Remove and drain.

Roll in cinnamon sugar while still warm and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/txsupu1511815755.jpg Snack,Treat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFLn1h80AGQ
52892 Treacle Tart Desert British First make the short crust pastry: measure the flour into a large bowl and rub in the butter with your fingertips until the mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs (alternatively, this can be done in a food processor). Add about three tablespoons of cold water and mix to a firm dough, wrap in cling film and chill in the fridge for about 20 minutes.

Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6 and put a heavy baking tray in the oven to heat up. Grease a deep 18cm/7in loose-bottomed fluted flan tin with butter.

Remove about 150g/5½oz of pastry from the main ball and set aside for the lattice top.

Roll the rest of the pastry out thinly on a lightly floured work surface and line the prepared flan tin with the pastry.

Prick the base with a fork, to stop the base rising up during baking.

Place the reserved pastry for the lattice top on cling film and roll out thinly. Egg wash the pastry and set aside to chill in the fridge (the cling film makes it easier to move about). Do not cut into strips at this stage. Do not egg wash the strips once they are on the tart as it will drip into the treacle mixture.

To make the filling, heat the syrup gently in a large pan but do not boil.

Once melted, add the breadcrumbs, lemon juice and zest to the syrup. (You can add less lemon if you would prefer less citrus taste.) If the mixture looks runny, add a few more breadcrumbs.

Pour the syrup mixture into the lined tin and level the surface.

Remove the reserved pastry from the fridge and cut into long strips, 1cm/½in wide. Make sure they are all longer than the edges of the tart tin.

Egg wash the edge of the pastry in the tin, and start to make the woven laying lattice pattern over the mixture, leave the strips hanging over the edge of the tin.

Once the lattice is in place, use the tin edge to cut off the strips by pressing down with your hands, creating a neat finish.

Bake on the pre-heated baking tray in the hot oven for about 10 minutes until the pastry has started to colour, and then reduce the oven temperature to 180C/350F/Gas 4. If at this stage the lattice seems to be getting too dark brown, cover the tart with tin foil.

Bake for a further 25-30 minutes until the pastry is golden-brown and the filling set.

Remove the tart from the oven and leave to firm up in the tin. Serve warm or cold. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wprvrw1511641295.jpg Tart https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMmgKCNcqwI
52917 White chocolate creme brulee Desert French Heat the cream, chocolate and vanilla pod in a pan until the chocolate has melted. Take off the heat and allow to infuse for 10 mins, scraping the pod seeds into the cream. If using the vanilla extract, add straight away. Heat oven to 160C/fan 140C/gas 3.

Beat yolks and sugar until pale. stir in the chocolate cream. Strain into a jug and pour into ramekins. Place in a deep roasting tray and pour boiling water halfway up the sides. Bake for 15-20 mins until just set with a wobbly centre. Chill in the fridge for at least 4 hrs.

To serve, sprinkle some sugar on top of the brûlées and caramelise with a blowtorch or briefly under a hot grill. Leave caramel to harden, then serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uryqru1511798039.jpg Desert,DinnerParty,Pudding https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmJ0lsPLHDc
52769 Kapsalon Lamb Dutch Cut the meat into strips. Heat oil in a pan and fry the strips for 6 minutes until it's ready.

Bake the fries until golden brown in a deep fryrer. When ready transfer to a backing dish. Make sure the fries are spread over the whole dish.

Cover the fries with a new layer of meat and spread evenly.

Add a layer of cheese over the meat. You can also use grated cheese. When done put in the oven for a few minutes until the cheese is melted.

Chop the lettuce, tomato and cucumber in small pieces and mix together. for a basic salad. As extra you can add olives jalapenos and a red union.

Dived the salad over the dish and Serve with garlicsauce and hot sauce https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sxysrt1468240488.jpg Snack https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIcuiU1kV8I
52877 Lamb and Potato pie Lamb British Dust the meat with flour to lightly coat.

Heat enough vegetable oil in a large saucepan to fill the base, and fry the onion and meat until lightly browned. Season with salt and pepper.

Add the carrots, stock and more seasoning to taste.

Bring to the boil, cover and reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer for at least an hour or until the meat is tender. Take your time cooking the meat, the longer you leave it to cook, the better the flavour will be.

Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas 4.

Add the drained potato cubes to the lamb.

Turn the mixture into a pie dish or casserole and cover with the shortcrust pastry. Make three slits in the top of the pastry to release any steam while cooking.

Brush with beaten egg and bake for about 40 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown.

Serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sxrpws1511555907.jpg Pie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCyPaaUNYUk
52805 Lamb Biryani Lamb Indian Grind the cashew, poppy seeds and cumin seeds into a smooth paste, using as little water as possible. Set aside. 



Deep fry the sliced onions when it is hot. Don’t overcrowd the oil. When the onions turn light brown, remove from oil and drain on paper towel. The fried onion will crisp up as it drains. Also fry the cashewnuts till golden brown. Set aside.



Wash the rice and soak in water for twenty minutes.

Meanwhile, take a big wide pan, add oil in medium heat, add the sliced onions, add the blended paste, to it add the green chillies, ginger garlic paste and garlic and fry for a minute.

Then add the tomatoes and sauté them well till they are cooked and not mushy.



Then to it add the red chilli powder, biryani powder, mint, coriander leaves and sauté them well.

Add the yogurt and mix well. I always move the skillet away from the heat when adding yogurt which prevents it from curdling.



Now after returning the skillet back to the stove, add the washed lamb and salt and ½ cup water and mix well. Cook for 1 hour and cook it covered in medium low heat or put it in a pressure cooker for 6 whistles. If the water is not drained totally, heat it by keeping it open.



Take another big pan, add thrice the cup of rice you use, and boil it. When it is boiling high, add the rice, salt and jeera and mix well. After 7 minutes exact or when the rice is 80% done. Switch off and drain the rice.



Now, the layering starts. To the lamb, pat and level it. Add the drained hot rice on the top of it. Garnish with fried onions, ghee, mint, coriander leaves and saffron dissolved in milk.



Cover the dish and bake in a 350f oven for 15 minutes or till the cooked but not mushy. Or cook in the stove medium heat for 12 minutes and lowest heat for 5 minutes. And switch off. Mix and serve hot!

Notes

1. If you are cooking in oven, do make sure to cook in a big oven safe pan and cover it tight and then keep in oven for the final step.

2. You can skip biryani masala if you don’t have and add just garam masala (1 tsp and red chilli powder – 3 tsp instead of 1 tsp)

3. If it is spicy in the end, squeeze some lemon, it will reduce the heat and enhance the flavors also. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xrttsx1487339558.jpg Curry,Meat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7SYVSG5nxo
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 231: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52808 Lamb Rogan josh Lamb Indian 

Put the onions in a food processor and whizz until very finely chopped. Heat the oil in a large heavy-based pan, then fry the onion with the lid on, stirring every now and then, until it is really golden and soft. Add the garlic and ginger, then fry for 5 mins more.

Tip the curry paste, all the spices and the bay leaves into the pan, with the tomato purée. Stir well over the heat for about 30 secs, then add the meat and 300ml water. Stir to mix, turn down the heat, then add the yogurt.

Cover the pan, then gently simmer for 40-60 mins until the meat is tender and the sauce nice and thick. Serve scattered with coriander, with plain basmati or pilau rice. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vvstvq1487342592.jpg Curry,Spicy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZVo32n7iS8
52843 Lamb Tagine Lamb Moroccan Heat the olive oil in a heavy-based pan and add the onion and carrot. Cook for 3- 4 mins until softened.



Add the diced lamb and brown all over. Stir in the garlic and all the spices and cook for a few mins more or until the aromas are released.



Add the honey and apricots, crumble in the stock cube and pour over roughly 500ml boiling water or enough to cover the meat. Give it a good stir and bring to the boil. Turn down to a simmer, put the lid on and cook for 1 hour.



Remove the lid and cook for a further 30 mins, then stir in the squash. Cook for 20 – 30 mins more until the squash is soft and the lamb is tender. Serve alongside rice or couscous and sprinkle with parsley and pine nuts, if using. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/yuwtuu1511295751.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bR5Cqu84S_k
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 634: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52884 Lancashire hotpot Lamb British Heat oven to 160C/fan 140C/gas 3. Heat some dripping or butter in a large shallow casserole dish, brown the lamb in batches, lift to a plate, then repeat with the kidneys.

Fry the onions and carrots in the pan with a little more dripping until golden. Sprinkle over the flour, allow to cook for a couple of mins, shake over the Worcestershire sauce, pour in the stock, then bring to the boil. Stir in the meat and bay leaves, then turn off the heat. Arrange the sliced potatoes on top of the meat, then drizzle with a little more dripping. Cover, then place in the oven for about 1½ hrs until the potatoes are cooked.

Remove the lid, brush the potatoes with a little more dripping, then turn the oven up to brown the potatoes, or finish under the grill for 5-8 mins until brown. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uttrxw1511637813.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6TS5J8YRA4
52880 McSinghs Scotch pie Lamb British Heat a large frying pan and toast the cumin seeds for a few minutes, then set aside. Heat the oil in the same pan and fry the onion, garlic, chilli, pepper and a good pinch of salt for around eight minutes, until there is no moisture left. Remove from the heat, stir in the toasted cumin seeds, ground mace (or nutmeg) and ground coriander. Leave to cool.

In a large bowl mix together the minced lamb, white pepper, fresh coriander, and the cooled spiced onion mixture until combined. Set aside, covered, in the fridge.

Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6 and generously grease a 20cm/8in diameter loose-bottomed or springform round cake tin with lard.

To make the pastry, sift the flour and salt in a large bowl and make a well in the centre.

Put the milk, lard and 90ml/3fl oz of water in a saucepan and heat gently. When the lard has melted, increase the heat and bring to the boil.

Pour the boiling liquid into the flour, and use a wooden spoon to combine until cool enough to handle. Bring together into a ball.

Dust a work surface with flour and, working quickly, knead the dough briefly – it will be soft and moist. Set aside a third of the pastry and roll the rest out on a well-floured surface. Line the pie dish with the pastry, pressing it right up the sides until it pokes just over the top of the tin.

Add the filling into the pastry-lined tin bit by bit. As you reach the top, form a slight peak. Roll out the reserved pastry and top the pie with it. Pinch the edges to seal and trim the excess. Poke a hole in the top of the pie and insert a small tube made from aluminium foil to allow steam to escape.

Brush the top of the pie with a little beaten egg yolk, and bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes (put a tray on the shelf below to catch any drips). Then reduce the temperature to 160C/325F/Gas 3 and cook for a further 1¼ hours until golden-brown. Leave to cool completely before refrigerating for two hours, or overnight.

Run a knife around the edge of the pie, remove from the tin and serve with chutneys, salads or pickles. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vssrtx1511557680.jpg Pie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nArqhRyszw
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 1176: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52783 Rigatoni with fennel sausage sauce Lamb Moroccan Heat a tablespoon of oil in a large saute pan for which you have a lid. Add the sausage pieces and fry on a medium-high heat for 10 minutes, stirring regularly, until golden-brown all over. Transfer the sausages to a plate, then add the onion and fennel to the hot pan and fry for 15 minutes, stirring once in a while, until soft and caramelised; if the pan goes a bit dry, add a teaspoon or so of extra oil. Stir in the paprika, garlic and half the fennel seeds, fry for two minutes more, then pour on the wine and boil for 30 seconds, to reduce by half. Add the tomatoes, sugar, 100ml water, the seared sausage and half a teaspoon of salt, cover and simmer for 30 minutes; remove the lid after 10 minutes, and cook until the sauce is thick and rich. Remove from the heat, stir through the olives and remaining fennel seeds and set aside until you’re ready to serve.



Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the pasta and cook for 12-14 minutes (or according to the instructions on the packet), until al dente. Meanwhile, reheat the sauce. Drain the pasta, return it to the pot, stir in a tablespoon of oil, then divide between the bowls. 



Put all the pesto ingredients except the basil in the small bowl of a food processor. Add a tablespoon of water and blitz to a rough paste. Add the basil, then blitz until just combined (the pesto has a much better texture if the basil is not overblended).



Spoon over the ragù and top with a spoonful of pesto. Finish with a sprinkling of chopped fennel fronds, if you have any, and serve at once. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qtqvys1468573168.jpg Pasta https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45dpOfESxr8
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 940: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52848 Bean & Sausage Hotpot Miscellaneous British In a large casserole, fry the sausages until brown all over – about 10 mins.



Add the tomato sauce, stirring well, then stir in the beans, treacle or sugar and mustard. Bring to the simmer, cover and cook for 30 mins. Great served with crusty bread or rice. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vxuyrx1511302687.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0YX0yPX4Wo
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 147: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52939 Callaloo Jamaican Style Miscellaneous Jamaican Cut leaves and soft stems from the kale branches, them soak in a bowl of cold water for about 5-10 minutes or until finish with prep.

Proceed to slicing the onions, mincing the garlic and dicing the tomatoes. Set aside

Remove kale from water cut in chunks.

Place bacon on saucepan and cook until crispy. Then add onions, garlic, thyme, stir for about a minute or more

Add tomatoes; scotch bonnet pepper, smoked paprika. Sauté for about 2-3 more minutes.

Finally add vegetable, salt, mix well, and steamed for about 6-8 minutes or until leaves are tender. Add a tiny bit of water as needed. Adjust seasonings and turn off the heat.

Using a sharp knife cut both ends off the plantain. This will make it easy to grab the skin of the plantains. Slit a shallow line down the long seam of the plantain; peel only as deep as the peel. Remove plantain peel by pulling it back.

Slice the plantain into medium size lengthwise slices and set aside.

Coat a large frying pan with cooking oil spray. Spray the tops of the plantains with a generous layer of oil spray and sprinkle with salt, freshly ground pepper.

Let the plantains "fry" on medium heat, shaking the frying pan to redistribute them every few minutes.

As the plantains brown, continue to add more cooking oil spray, salt and pepper (if needed) until they have reached the desired color and texture.

Remove and serve with kale https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ussyxw1515364536.jpg Savory https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCr3GasJWwE
(1064, 'You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near \'fry" on medium heat, shaking the frying pan to redistribute them every few minut\' at line 10')
Error: failed executing/committing query
52907 Duck Confit Miscellaneous French The day before you want to make the dish, scatter half the salt, half the garlic and half of the herbs over the base of a small shallow dish. Lay the duck legs, skin-side up, on top, then scatter over the remaining salt, garlic and herbs. Cover the duck and refrigerate overnight. This can be done up to 2 days ahead.

Pour the wine into a saucepan that will snugly fit the duck legs in a single layer. Brush the salt off the duck legs and place them, skin-side down, in the wine. Cover the pan with a lid and place over a medium heat. As soon as the wine starts to bubble, turn the heat down to the lowest setting and cook for 2 hours, checking occasionally that the liquid is just barely simmering. (If you own a heat diffuser, it would be good to use it here.) After 2 hours, the duck legs should be submerged in their own fat and the meat should feel incredibly tender when prodded. Leave to cool.

The duck legs are now cooked and can be eaten immediately – or you can follow the next step if you like them crisp. If you are preparing ahead, pack the duck legs tightly into a plastic container or jar and pour over the fat, but not the liquid at the bottom of the pan. Cover and leave in the fridge for up to a month, or freeze for up to 3 months. The liquid you are left with makes a tasty gravy, which can be chilled or frozen until needed.

To reheat and crisp up the duck legs, heat oven to 220C/fan 200C/gas 7. Remove the legs from the fat and place them, skin-side down, in an ovenproof frying pan. Roast for 30-40 mins, turning halfway through, until brown and crisp. Serve with the reheated gravy, a crisp salad and some crisp golden ptoatoes. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wvpvsu1511786158.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHhLJqghY-o
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 1037: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52815 French Lentils With Garlic and Thyme Miscellaneous French Place a large saucepan over medium heat and add oil. When hot, add chopped vegetables and sauté until softened, 5 to 10 minutes.

Add 6 cups water, lentils, thyme, bay leaves and salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a fast simmer.

Simmer lentils until they are tender and have absorbed most of the water, 20 to 25 minutes. If necessary, drain any excess water after lentils have cooked. Serve immediately, or allow them to cool and reheat later.

For a fuller taste, use some chicken stock and reduce the water by the same amount. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vwwspt1487394060.jpg Pulse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CrlTS1mJQMA
52915 French Omelette Miscellaneous French Get everything ready. Warm a 20cm (measured across the top) non-stick frying pan on a medium heat. Crack the eggs into a bowl and beat them with a fork so they break up and mix, but not as completely as you would for scrambled egg. With the heat on medium-hot, drop one knob of butter into the pan. It should bubble and sizzle, but not brown. Season the eggs with the Parmesan and a little salt and pepper, and pour into the pan.

Let the eggs bubble slightly for a couple of seconds, then take a wooden fork or spatula and gently draw the mixture in from the sides of the pan a few times, so it gathers in folds in the centre. Leave for a few seconds, then stir again to lightly combine uncooked egg with cooked. Leave briefly again, and when partly cooked, stir a bit faster, stopping while there’s some barely cooked egg left. With the pan flat on the heat, shake it back and forth a few times to settle the mixture. It should slide easily in the pan and look soft and moist on top. A quick burst of heat will brown the underside.

Grip the handle underneath. Tilt the pan down away from you and let the omelette fall to the edge. Fold the side nearest to you over by a third with your fork, and keep it rolling over, so the omelette tips onto a plate – or fold it in half, if that’s easier. For a neat finish, cover the omelette with a piece of kitchen paper and plump it up a bit with your fingers. Rub the other knob of butter over to glaze. Serve immediately. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/yvpuuy1511797244.jpg Egg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXPhVYpQLPA
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 878: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52810 Osso Buco alla Milanese Miscellaneous Italian Heat the oven to 300 degrees.

Dredging the shanks: pour the flour into a shallow dish (a pie plate works nicely). Season the veal shanks on all sides with salt and pepper. One at a time, roll the shanks around in the flour coat, and shake and pat the shank to remove any excuses flour. Discard the remaining flour.

Browning the shanks: put the oil and 1 tablespoon of the butter in a wide Dutch oven or heavy braising pot (6 to 7 quart) and heat over medium-high heat. When the butter has melted and the oil is shimmering, lower the shanks into the pot, flat side down; if the shanks won’t fit without touching one another, do this in batches. Brown the shanks, turning once with tongs, until both flat sides are well caramelized, about 5 minutes per side. If the butter-oil mixture starts to burn, lower the heat just a bit. Transfer the shanks to a large platter or tray and set aside.

The aromatics: pour off and discard the fat from the pot. Wipe out any burnt bits with a damp paper towel, being careful not to remove any delicious little caramelized bits. Ad the remaining 2 tablespoons butter to the pot and melt it over medium heat. When the butter has stopped foaming, add the onion, carrot, celery, and fennel. Season with salt and pepper, stir, and cook the vegetables until they begin to soften but do not brown, about 6 minutes. Stir in the garlic, orange zest, marjoram, and bay leaf, and stew for another minute or two.

The braising liquid: add the wine, increase the heat to high, and bring to a boil. Boil, stirring occasionally, to reduce the wine by about half, 5 minutes. Add the stock and tomatoes, with their juice, and boil again to reduce the liquid to about 1 cup total, about 10 minutes.

The braise: Place the shanks in the pot so that they are sitting with the exposed bone facing up, and pour over any juices that accumulated as they sat. Cover with parchment paper, pressing down so the parchment nearly touches the veal and the edges hang over the sides of the pot by about an inch. Cover tightly with the lid, and slide into the lower part of the oven to braise at a gentle simmer. Check the pot after the first 15 minutes, and if the liquid is simmering too aggressively, lower the oven heat by 10 or 15 degrees. Continue braising, turning the shanks and spooning some pan juices over the top after the first 40 minutes, until the meat is completely tender and pulling away from the bone, about 2 hours.

The gremolata: While the shanks are braising, stir together the garlic, parsley, and lemon zest in a small bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a cool place (or the refrigerator, if your kitchen is very warm.)

The finish: When the veal is fork-tender and falling away from the bone, remove the lid and sprinkle over half of the gremolata. Return the veal to the oven, uncovered, for another 15 minutes to caramelize it some.

Using a slotted spatula or spoon, carefully lift the shanks from the braising liquid, doing your best to keep them intact. The shanks will be very tender and threatening to fall into pieces, and the marrow will be wobbly inside the bones, so this can be a bit tricky. But if they do break apart, don’t worry, the flavor won’t suffer at all. Arrange the shanks on a serving platter or other large plate, without stacking, and cover with foil to keep warm.

Finishing the sauce: Set the braising pot on top of the stove and evaluate the sauce: if there is a visible layer of fat floating on the surface, use a large spoon to skim it off and discard it. Taste the sauce for concentration of flavor. If it tastes a bit weak or flat, bring it to a boil over high heat, and boil to reduce the volume and intensify the flavor for 5 to 10 minutes. Taste again for salt and pepper. If the sauce wants more zip, stir in a teaspoon or two of the remaining gremolata.

Portioning the veal shanks: if the shanks are reasonably sized, serve one per person. If the shanks are gargantuan or you’re dealing with modest appetites, pull apart the larger shanks, separating them at their natural seams, and serve smaller amounts. Be sure to give the marrow bones to whomever prizes them most.

Serving: Arrange the veal shanks on warm dinner plates accompanied by the risotto, if serving. Just before carrying the plates to the table, sprinkle on the remaining gremolata and then spoon over a generous amount of sauce – the contact with the hot liquid will aromatize the gremolata and perk up everyone’s appetite with the whiff of garlic and lemon. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wwuqvt1487345467.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GUTC2Qwrf0
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 678: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52804 Poutine Miscellaneous Canadian Heat oil in a deep fryer or deep heavy skillet to 365°F (185°C).

Warm gravy in saucepan or microwave.

Place the fries into the hot oil, and cook until light brown, about 5 minutes.

Remove to a paper towel lined plate to drain.

Place the fries on a serving platter, and sprinkle the cheese over them.

Ladle gravy over the fries and cheese, and serve immediately. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uuyrrx1487327597.jpg UnHealthy,Speciality,HangoverFood https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVAMAoA2_WU
52912 Three-cheese souffles Miscellaneous French Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/ gas 6 and butter 4 small (about 200ml) ramekins. Sprinkle the Parmesan into the ramekins, turning until all sides are covered. Place the milk and bay leaves in a large saucepan over a gentle heat and bring to the boil. Turn off the heat and leave to infuse for 15 mins.

Discard the bay leaves, add the butter and flour, and return to a low heat. Very gently simmer, stirring continuously with a balloon whisk, for about 6 mins until you get a smooth, thick white sauce. Make sure that you get right into the corners of the pan to stop the sauce from catching or becoming lumpy.

Once thickened, transfer the sauce to a large bowl and stir in the mustard powder, cayenne pepper, Gruyère and egg yolks until fully combined.

In a spotlessly clean bowl and with a clean whisk, beat the egg whites just until peaks begin to form.

Carefully fold the egg whites into the cheese sauce in three stages making sure you fold, rather than stir, to keep the egg whites light and airy. Fill the prepared ramekins with the soufflé mix.

Top each soufflé with a slice of goat’s cheese, then place on a baking tray. Bake for 20-25 mins or until springy and well risen but cooked through.

Leave to cool, then run a knife around the edge of each dish and remove the soufflés. If preparing in advance, place soufflés upside down (for neat presentation), on a tray. Cover tray in cling film. Chill for a few days or freeze for up to 1 month.

When ready to re-bake, heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Place the upside-down soufflés in a shallow baking dish, top with the remaining goat’s cheese slices and pour over the cream (this stops them from drying out when baked for the second time). Cook for 8-10 mins until golden. Serve immediately alongside some simply dressed salad. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sxwquu1511793428.jpg Baking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mS_gbQpBvZo
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 1176: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52845 Turkey Meatloaf Miscellaneous British Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Heat the oil in a large frying pan and cook the onion for 8-10 mins until softened. Add the garlic, Worcestershire sauce and 2 tsp tomato purée, and stir until combined. Set aside to cool.



Put the turkey mince, egg, breadcrumbs and cooled onion mix in a large bowl and season well. Mix everything to combine, then shape into a rectangular loaf and place in a large roasting tin. Spread 2 tbsp barbecue sauce over the meatloaf and bake for 30 mins.



Meanwhile, drain 1 can of beans only, then pour both cans into a large bowl. Add the remaining barbecue sauce and tomato purée. Season and set aside.



When the meatloaf has had its initial cooking time, scatter the beans around the outside and bake for 15 mins more until the meatloaf is cooked through and the beans are piping hot. Scatter over the parsley and serve the meatloaf in slices. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ypuxtw1511297463.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTvlmY4vCug
52839 Chilli prawn linguine Pasta Italian Mix the dressing ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.



Cook the pasta according to the packet instructions. Add the sugar snap peas for the last minute or so of cooking time.



Meanwhile, heat the oil in a wok or large frying pan, toss in the garlic and chilli and cook over a fairly gentle heat for about 30 seconds without letting the garlic brown. Tip in the prawns and cook over a high heat, stirring frequently, for about 3 minutes until they turn pink.



Add the tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes until they just start to soften. Drain the pasta and sugar snaps well, then toss into the prawn mixture. Tear in the basil leaves, stir, and season with salt and pepper.



Serve with salad leaves drizzled with the lime dressing, and warm crusty bread. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/usywpp1511189717.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC17Mc70Db0
52835 Fettucine alfredo Pasta Italian In a medium saucepan, stir the clotted cream, butter and cornflour over a low-ish heat and bring to a low simmer. Turn off the heat and keep warm.

Meanwhile, put the cheese and nutmeg in a small bowl and add a good grinding of black pepper, then stir everything together (don’t add any salt at this stage).

Put the pasta in another pan with 2 tsp salt, pour over some boiling water and cook following pack instructions (usually 3-4 mins). When cooked, scoop some of the cooking water into a heatproof jug or mug and drain the pasta, but not too thoroughly.

Add the pasta to the pan with the clotted cream mixture, then sprinkle over the cheese and gently fold everything together over a low heat using a rubber spatula. When combined, splash in 3 tbsp of the cooking water. At first, the pasta will look wet and sloppy: keep stirring until the water is absorbed and the sauce is glossy. Check the seasoning before transferring to heated bowls. Sprinkle over some chives or parsley, then serve immediately. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uquqtu1511178042.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLEnwZvGzOE
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 351: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52829 Grilled Mac and Cheese Sandwich Pasta American Make the mac and cheese



1. Bring a medium saucepan of generously salted water (you want it to taste like seawater) to a boil. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes, or according to the package directions. The pasta should be tender but still chewy.

2. While the pasta is cooking, in a small bowl, whisk together the flour, mustard powder, garlic powder, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper.

3. Drain the pasta in a colander. Place the empty pasta pan (no need to wash it) over low heat and add the butter. When the butter has melted, whisk in the flour mixture and continue to cook, whisking frequently, until the mixture is beginning to brown and has a pleasant, nutty aroma, about 1 minute. Watch carefully so it does not scorch on the bottom of the pan.

4. Slowly whisk the milk and cream into the flour mixture until everything is really well combined. Cook, whisking constantly, until the sauce is heated through and just begins to thicken, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Gradually add the cheese while stirring constantly with a wooden spoon or silicone spatula and keep stirring until the cheese has melted into the sauce. Then stir in the drained cooked pasta.

5. Line a 9-by-13-inch (23-by-33-centimeter) rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper or aluminum foil. Coat the paper or foil with nonstick cooking spray or slick it with butter. Pour the warm mac and cheese onto the prepared baking sheet and spread it evenly with a spatula. Coat another piece of parchment paper with cooking spray or butter and place it, oiled or buttered side down, directly on the surface of the mac and cheese. Refrigerate until cool and firm, about 1 hour.



Make the grilled cheese

6. Heat a large cast-iron or nonstick skillet over medium-low heat.

7. In a small bowl, stir together the 4 tablespoons (55 grams) butter and garlic powder until well blended.

8. Remove the mac and cheese from the refrigerator and peel off the top layer of parchment paper. Carefully cut into 8 equal pieces. Each piece will make 1 grilled mac and cheese sandwich. (You can stash each individual portion in a double layer of resealable plastic bags and refrigerate for up to 3 days or freeze it for up to 1 month.)

9. Spread 3/4 teaspoon garlic butter on one side of each bread slice. Place half of the slices, buttered-side down, on a clean cutting board. Top each with one slice of Cheddar, then 1 piece of the mac and cheese. (Transfer from the baking sheet by scooting your hand or a spatula under each piece of mac and cheese and then flipping it over onto a sandwich.) Place 1 slice of Jack on top of each. Finish with the remaining bread slices, buttered-side up.

10. Using a wide spatula, place as many sandwiches in the pan as will fit without crowding it. Cover and cook until the bottoms are nicely browned, about 4 minutes. Turn and cook until the second sides are browned, the cheese is melted, and the mac and cheese is heated through, about 4 minutes more.

11. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Cut the sandwiches in half, if desired, and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xutquv1505330523.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYq31xLj-DY
52844 Lasagne Pasta Italian Heat the oil in a large saucepan. Use kitchen scissors to snip the bacon into small pieces, or use a sharp knife to chop it on a chopping board. Add the bacon to the pan and cook for just a few mins until starting to turn golden. Add the onion, celery and carrot, and cook over a medium heat for 5 mins, stirring occasionally, until softened.

Add the garlic and cook for 1 min, then tip in the mince and cook, stirring and breaking it up with a wooden spoon, for about 6 mins until browned all over.

Stir in the tomato purée and cook for 1 min, mixing in well with the beef and vegetables. Tip in the chopped tomatoes. Fill each can half full with water to rinse out any tomatoes left in the can, and add to the pan. Add the honey and season to taste. Simmer for 20 mins.

Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. To assemble the lasagne, ladle a little of the ragu sauce into the bottom of the roasting tin or casserole dish, spreading the sauce all over the base. Place 2 sheets of lasagne on top of the sauce overlapping to make it fit, then repeat with more sauce and another layer of pasta. Repeat with a further 2 layers of sauce and pasta, finishing with a layer of pasta.

Put the crème fraîche in a bowl and mix with 2 tbsp water to loosen it and make a smooth pourable sauce. Pour this over the top of the pasta, then top with the mozzarella. Sprinkle Parmesan over the top and bake for 25–30 mins until golden and bubbling. Serve scattered with basil, if you like. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wtsvxx1511296896.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfhfsBPt46s
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 1459: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52837 Pilchard puttanesca Pasta Italian Cook the pasta following pack instructions. Heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan and cook the onion, garlic and chilli for 3-4 mins to soften. Stir in the tomato purée and cook for 1 min, then add the pilchards with their sauce. Cook, breaking up the fish with a wooden spoon, then add the olives and continue to cook for a few more mins.



Drain the pasta and add to the pan with 2-3 tbsp of the cooking water. Toss everything together well, then divide between plates and serve, scattered with Parmesan. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vvtvtr1511180578.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqZzLAPmr9k
52838 Venetian Duck Ragu Pasta Italian Heat the oil in a large pan. Add the duck legs and brown on all sides for about 10 mins. Remove to a plate and set aside. Add the onions to the pan and cook for 5 mins until softened. Add the garlic and cook for a further 1 min, then stir in the cinnamon and flour and cook for a further min. Return the duck to the pan, add the wine, tomatoes, stock, herbs, sugar and seasoning. Bring to a simmer, then lower the heat, cover with a lid and cook for 2 hrs, stirring every now and then.

Carefully lift the duck legs out of the sauce and place on a plate – they will be very tender so try not to lose any of the meat. Pull off and discard the fat, then shred the meat with 2 forks and discard the bones. Add the meat back to the sauce with the milk and simmer, uncovered, for a further 10-15 mins while you cook the pasta.

Cook the pasta following pack instructions, then drain, reserving a cup of the pasta water, and add the pasta to the ragu. Stir to coat all the pasta in the sauce and cook for 1 min more, adding a splash of cooking liquid if it looks dry. Serve with grated Parmesan, if you like. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qvrwpt1511181864.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWQDVgjB_Lw
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 630: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52885  Bubble & Squeak Pork British Melt the fat in a non-stick pan, allow it to get nice and hot, then add the bacon. As it begins to brown, add the onion and garlic. Next, add the sliced sprouts or cabbage and let it colour slightly. All this will take 5-6 mins.

Next, add the potato. Work everything together in the pan and push it down so that the mixture covers the base of the pan – allow the mixture to catch slightly on the base of the pan before turning it over and doing the same again. It’s the bits of potato that catch in the pan that define the term ‘bubble and squeak’, so be brave and let the mixture colour. Cut into wedges and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xusqvw1511638311.jpg SideDish,Speciality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etbJ9ssgsWY
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 425: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52954 Hot and Sour Soup Pork Chinese STEP 1 - MAKING THE SOUP

In a wok add chicken broth and wait for it to boil.

Next add salt, sugar, sesame seed oil, white pepper, hot pepper sauce, vinegar and soy sauce and stir for few seconds.

Add Tofu, mushrooms, black wood ear mushrooms to the wok.

To thicken the sauce, whisk together 1 Tablespoon of cornstarch and 2 Tablespoon of water in a bowl and slowly add to your soup until it's the right thickness.

Next add 1 egg slightly beaten with a knife or fork and add it to the soup and stir for 8 seconds

Serve the soup in a bowl and add the bbq pork and sliced green onions on top. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1529445893.jpg Soup https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgV9Zq3aSTo
52847 Pork Cassoulet Pork French Heat oven to 140C/120C fan/gas 1. Put a large ovenproof pan (with a tight-fitting lid) on a high heat. Add your fat and diced meat, cook for a few mins to seal the edges, giving it a quick stir to cook evenly. Reduce the heat to low, add the sliced onion, whole garlic cloves, carrot and fennel seeds, and cook gently to soften the veg for a few mins.

Pour over the red wine vinegar, scraping any meaty bits off the bottom of the pan. Add the stock, tomato purée, and half the rosemary and parsley. Bring to the boil and simmer for 10 mins, then season, cover with a lid and put into the oven for 2 hrs, removing the lid for the final hour of cooking. Stir occasionally and add the beans with 30 mins to go.

Remove the pan from the oven and heat the grill. Scatter the top with the remaining herbs and breadcrumbs, drizzle a little oil over the top, and return to the oven for 5-10 mins, until the breadcrumbs are golden. Serve with crusty bread and green veg. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wxuvuv1511299147.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEdHMTD0VCA
52949 Sweet and Sour Pork Pork Chinese Preparation

1. Crack the egg into a bowl. Separate the egg white and yolk.



Sweet and Sour Pork

2. Slice the pork tenderloin into strips.



3. Prepare the marinade using a pinch of salt, one teaspoon of starch, two teaspoons of light soy sauce, and an egg white.



4. Marinade the pork strips for about 20 minutes.



5. Put the remaining starch in a bowl. Add some water and vinegar to make a starchy sauce.



Sweet and Sour Pork

Cooking Instructions

1. Pour the cooking oil into a wok and heat to 190°C (375°F). Add the marinated pork strips and fry them until they turn brown. Remove the cooked pork from the wok and place on a plate.



2. Leave some oil in the wok. Put the tomato sauce and white sugar into the wok, and heat until the oil and sauce are fully combined.



3. Add some water to the wok and thoroughly heat the sweet and sour sauce before adding the pork strips to it.



4. Pour in the starchy sauce. Stir-fry all the ingredients until the pork and sauce are thoroughly mixed together.



5. Serve on a plate and add some coriander for decoration. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1529442316.jpg Sweet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdaBIhgEAMo
52822 Toad In The Hole Pork British Preheat the oven to 200°C/fan180°C/gas 6. fry sausages in a non-stick pan until browned.

Drizzle vegetable oil in a 30cm x 25cm x 6cm deep roasting tray and heat in the oven for 5 minutes.

Put the plain flour in a bowl, crack in the medium free-range eggs, then stir in the grated horseradish. Gradually beat in the semi-skimmed milk. Season.

Put the sausages into the hot roasting tray and pour over the batter. Top with cherry tomatoes on the vine and cook for 30 minutes until puffed and golden. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ytuvwr1503070420.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1dWkDrC330
52926 Tourtiere Pork Canadian Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Boil the potato until tender, drain and mash, then leave to cool. Heat the oil in a non-stick pan, add the mince and onion and quickly fry until browned. Add the garlic, spices, stock, plenty of pepper and a little salt and mix well. Remove from the heat, stir into the potato and leave to cool.

Roll out half the pastry and line the base of a 20-23cm pie plate or flan tin. Fill with the pork mixture and brush the edges of the pastry with water. Roll out the remaining dough and cover the pie. Press the edges of the pastry to seal, trimming off the excess. Prick the top of the pastry case to allow steam to escape and glaze the top with the beaten egg.

Bake for 30 mins until the pastry is crisp and golden. Serve cut into wedges with a crisp green salad. Leftovers are good cold for lunch the next day, served with a selection of pickles. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ytpstt1511814614.jpg Pie,MainMeal,BBQ,Cake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A96hbwobKKs
52828 Vietnamese Grilled Pork (bun-thit-nuong) Pork Vietnamese Slice the uncooked pork thinly, about ⅛". It helps to slightly freeze it (optional).

Mince garlic and shallots. Mix in a bowl with sugar, fish sauce, thick soy sauce, pepper, and oil until sugar dissolves.

Marinate the meat for 1 hour, or overnight for better results.

Bake the pork at 375F for 10-15 minutes or until about 80% cooked. Finish cooking by broiling in the oven until a nice golden brown color develops, flipping the pieces midway.

Assemble your bowl with veggies, noodles, and garnish. Many like to mix the whole bowl up and pour the fish sauce on top, but I like to make individual bites and sauce it slowly. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qqwypw1504642429.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3qcQcENzbU
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u215b' in position 138: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52948 Wontons Pork Chinese Combine pork, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, sesame oil, and vegetables in a bowl.

Separate wonton skins.

Place a heaping teaspoon of filling in the center of the wonton.

Brush water on 2 borders of the skin, covering 1/4 inch from the edge.

Fold skin over to form a triangle, sealing edges.

Pinch the two long outside points together.

Heat oil to 450 degrees and fry 4 to 5 at a time until golden.

Drain and serve with sauce. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1525876468.jpg MainMeal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9h9No18ZyCI
52819 Cajun spiced fish tacos Seafood Mexican Cooking in a cajun spice and cayenne pepper marinade makes this fish super succulent and flavoursome. Top with a zesty dressing and serve in a tortilla for a quick, fuss-free main that's delightfully summery.



On a large plate, mix the cajun spice and cayenne pepper with a little seasoning and use to coat the fish all over.



Heat a little oil in a frying pan, add in the fish and cook over a medium heat until golden. Reduce the heat and continue frying until the fish is cooked through, about 10 minutes. Cook in batches if you don’t have enough room in the pan.



Meanwhile, prepare the dressing by combining all the ingredients with a little seasoning.

Soften the tortillas by heating in the microwave for 5-10 seconds. Pile high with the avocado, lettuce and spring onion, add a spoonful of salsa, top with large flakes of fish and drizzle over the dressing. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uvuyxu1503067369.jpg Spicy,Fish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4EdUt0Ou48
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 621: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52944 Escovitch Fish Seafood Jamaican Rinse fish; rub with lemon or lime, seasoned with salt and pepper or use your favorite seasoning. I used creole seasoning. Set aside or place in the oven to keep it warm until sauce is ready.



In large skillet heat oil over medium heat, until hot, add the fish, cook each side- for about 5-7 minutes until cooked through and crispy on both sides. Remove fish and set aside. Drain oil and leave about 2-3 tablespoons of oil

Add, bay leave, garlic and ginger, stir-fry for about a minute making sure the garlic does not burn

Then add onion, bell peppers, thyme, scotch bonnet, sugar, all spice-continue stirring for about 2-3 minutes. Add vinegar, mix an adjust salt and pepper according to preference. Let it simmer for about 2 more minutes. 



Discard bay leave, thyme spring and serve over fish with a side of this bammy. You may make the sauce about 2 days in advance. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1520084413.jpg Seafood,Spicy,Speciality,Easter https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nF6DOtGE6k8
52802 Fish pie Seafood British 01.Put the potatoes in a large pan of cold salted water and bring to the boil. Lower the heat, cover, then simmer gently for 15 minutes until tender. Drain, then return to the pan over a low heat for 30 seconds to drive off any excess water. Mash with 1 tbsp olive oil, then season.

02.Meanwhile put the milk in a large sauté pan, add the fish and bring to the boil. Remove from the heat, cover and stand for 3 minutes. Remove the fish (reserving the milk) and pat dry with kitchen paper, then gently flake into an ovenproof dish, discarding the skin and any bones.

03.Heat the remaining oil in a pan, stir in the flour and cook for 30 seconds. Gradually stir in 200-250ml of the reserved milk (discard the rest). Grate in nutmeg, season, then bubble until thick. Stir in the cream.

04.Preheat the oven to 190°C/fan170°C/gas 5. Grate the artichokes and add to the dish with the leek, prawns and herbs. Stir the lemon zest and juice into the sauce, then pour over. Mix gently with a wooden spoon.

05.Spoon the mash onto the fish mixture, then use a fork to make peaks, which will crisp and brown as it cooks. Sprinkle over the cheese, then bake for 35-40 minutes until golden and bubbling. Serve with wilted greens. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ysxwuq1487323065.jpg Fish,Pie,Breakfast https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sX4fCgg-UI
52918 Fish Stew with Rouille Seafood French Twist the heads from the prawns, then peel away the legs and shells, but leave the tails intact. Devein each prawn. Fry the shells in 1 tbsp oil for 5 mins, until dark pink and golden in patches. Add the wine, boil down by two thirds, then pour in the stock. Strain into a jug, discarding the shells.

Heat the rest of the oil in a deep frying pan or casserole. Add the fennel, onion and garlic, season, then cover and gently cook for 10 mins until softened. Meanwhile, peel the potato and cut into 2cm-ish chunks. Put into a pan of cold water, bring to the boil and cook for 5 mins until almost tender. Drain in a colander.

Peel a strip of zest from the orange. Put the zest, star anise, bay and ½ tsp harissa into the pan. Fry gently, uncovered, for 5-10 mins, until the vegetables are soft, sweet and golden.

Stir in the tomato purée, cook for 2 mins, then add the tomatoes and stock. Simmer for 10 mins until the sauce thickens slightly. Season to taste. The sauce can be made ahead, then reheated later in the day. Meantime, scrub the mussels or clams and pull away any stringy beards. Any that are open should be tapped sharply on the worktop – if they don’t close after a few seconds, discard them.

Reheat the sauce if necessary, then stir the potato, chunks of fish and prawns very gently into the stew. Bring back to the boil, then cover and gently simmer for 3 mins. Scatter the mussels or clams over the stew, then cover and cook for 2 mins more or until the shells have opened wide. Discard any that remain closed. The chunks of fish should flake easily and the prawns should be pink through. Scatter with the thyme leaves.

To make the quick rouille, stir the rest of the harissa through the mayonnaise. Serve the stew in bowls, topped with spoonfuls of rouille, which will melt into the sauce and enrich it. Have some good bread ready, as you’ll definitely want to mop up the juices. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vptqpw1511798500.jpg Fish,Seafood,Shellfish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp9Lqx2EUco
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 1232: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52764 Garides Saganaki Seafood Greek Place the prawns in a pot and add enough water to cover. Boil for 5 minutes. Drain, reserving the liquid, and set aside.

Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a saucepan. Add the onion; cook and stir until soft. Mix in the parsley, wine, tomatoes, garlic and remaining olive oil. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for about 30 minutes, or until the sauce is thickened.

While the sauce is simmering, the prawns should become cool enough to handle. First remove the legs by pinching them, and then pull off the shells, leaving the head and tail on.

When the sauce has thickened, stir in the prawns. Bring to a simmer again if the sauce has cooled with the prawns, and cook for about 5 minutes. Add the feta and remove from the heat. Let stand until the cheese starts to melt. Serve warm with slices of crusty bread.

Though completely untraditional, you can add a few tablespoons of stock or passata to this recipe to make a delicious pasta sauce. Toss with pasta after adding the feta, and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wuvryu1468232995.jpg Seafood,Shellfish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uO0ejc85zSE
52773 Honey Teriyaki Salmon Seafood Japanese Mix all the ingredients in the Honey Teriyaki Glaze together. Whisk to blend well. Combine the salmon and the Glaze together.



Heat up a skillet on medium-low heat. Add the oil, Pan-fry the salmon on both sides until it’s completely cooked inside and the glaze thickens.



Garnish with sesame and serve immediately. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xxyupu1468262513.jpg Fish,Breakfast https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MpYuaJsvRw
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 303: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52887 Kedgeree Seafood British For the rice, heat the oil in a large, lidded pan, add the onion, then gently fry for 5 mins until softened but not coloured. Add the spices, season with salt, then continue to fry until the mix start to go brown and fragrant; about 3 mins.

Add the rice and stir in well. Add 600ml water, stir, then bring to the boil. Reduce to a simmer, then cover for 10 mins. Take off the heat and leave to stand, covered, for 10-15 mins more. The rice will be perfectly cooked if you do not lift the lid before the end of the cooking.

Meanwhile, put the haddock and bay leaves in a frying pan, cover with the milk, then poach for 10 mins until the flesh flakes. Remove from the milk, peel away the skin, then flake the flesh into thumbsize pieces. Place the eggs in a pan, cover with water, bring to the boil, then reduce to a simmer. Leave for 4½-5 mins, plunge into cold water, then peel and cut the eggs into quarters. Gently mix the fish, eggs, parsley, coriander and rice together in the pan. Serve hot, sprinkled with a few extra herbs. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/utxqpt1511639216.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Pw1I1-SItE
52946 Kung Po Prawns Seafood Chinese Mix the cornflour and 1 tbsp soy sauce, toss in the prawns and set aside for 10 mins. Stir the vinegar, remaining soy sauce, tomato purée, sugar and 2 tbsp water together to make a sauce.



When you’re ready to cook, heat a large frying pan or wok until very hot, then add 1 tbsp oil. Fry the prawns until they are golden in places and have opened out– then tip them out of the pan.



Heat the remaining oil and add the peanuts, chillies and water chestnuts. Stir-fry for 2 mins or until the peanuts start to colour, then add the ginger and garlic and fry for 1 more min. Tip in the prawns and sauce and simmer for 2 mins until thickened slightly. Serve with rice. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1525873040.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysiuZm9FIxs
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 273: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52821 Laksa King Prawn Noodles Seafood Malaysian Heat the oil in a medium saucepan and add the chilli. Cook for 1 min, then add the curry paste, stir and cook for 1 min more. Dissolve the stock cube in a large jug in 700ml boiling water, then pour into the pan and stir to combine. Tip in the coconut milk and bring to the boil.

Add the fish sauce and a little seasoning. Toss in the noodles and cook for a further 3-4 mins until softening. Squeeze in the lime juice, add the prawns and cook through until warm, about 2-3 mins. Scatter over some of the coriander.

Serve in bowls with the remaining coriander and lime wedges on top for squeezing over. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rvypwy1503069308.jpg Shellfish,Seafood https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcarztU8cYo
52809 Recheado Masala Fish Seafood Indian Soak all the spices, ginger, garlic, tamarind pulp and kashmiri chilies except oil in vinegar.

Add sugar and salt.

Also add turmeric powder.

Combine all nicely and marinate for 35-40 mins.

Grind the mixture until soft and smooth. Add more vinegar if required but ensure the paste has to be thick so add vinegar accordingly. If the masala paste is thin then it would not stick to the fish.

Rinse the fish slit from the center and give some incision from the top. You could see the fish below for clarity.

Now stuff the paste into the center and into the incision. Coat the entire fish with this paste. Marinate the fish for 30 mins.

Place oil in a shallow pan, once oil is quite hot shallow fry the stuffed mackerels.

Fry until golden brown from both sides

Serve the recheado mackerels hot with salad, lime wedges, rice and curry.

Notes

1. Ensure the masala paste is thick else the result won't be good.

2. If you aren't able to find kashmiri chilies then use bedgi chilies or kashmiri red chili powder.

3. You could use white vinegar or coconut vinegar.

4. Any left over paste could be stored in the fridge for future use.

5. Cinnamon could be avoided as it's a strong spice used generally for meat or chicken. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uwxusv1487344500.jpg Fish,Spicy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXtCris37nE
52823 Salmon Prawn Risotto Seafood Italian Melt the butter in a thick-based pan and gently cook the onion without colour until it is soft.

Add the rice and stir to coat all the grains in the butter

Add the wine and cook gently stirring until it is absorbed

Gradually add the hot stock, stirring until each addition is absorbed. Keep stirring until the rice is tender

Season with the lemon juice and zest, and pepper to taste. (there will probably be sufficient saltiness from the salmon to not need to add salt) Stir gently to heat through

Serve scattered with the Parmesan and seasonal vegetables.

Grill the salmon and gently place onto the risotto with the prawns and asparagus https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xxrxux1503070723.jpg Fish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2PMvBv52IE
52936 Saltfish and Ackee Seafood Jamaican For the saltfish, soak the salt cod overnight, changing the water a couple of times.

Drain, then put the cod in a large pan of fresh water and bring to the boil. Drain again, add fresh water and bring to the boil again.

Simmer for about five minutes, or until cooked through, then drain and flake the fish into large pieces. Discard any skin or bones.

For the dumplings, mix the flour and suet with a pinch of salt and 250ml/9fl oz water to make a dough.

Wrap the mixture in clingfilm and leave in the fridge to rest.

Open the can of ackee, drain and rinse, then set aside.

Heat a tablespoon of olive oil in a pan and fry the onion until softened but not brown.

Add the spices, seasoning, pepper sauce and sliced peppers and continue to fry until the peppers are tender.

Add the chopped tomatoes, then the salt cod and mix together. Lastly stir in the ackee very gently and leave to simmer until ready to serve.

When you’re almost ready to eat, heat about 1cm/½in vegetable oil in a frying pan and heat until just smoking.

Shape the dumpling mix into plum-size balls and shallow-fry until golden-brown. (CAUTION: hot oil can be dangerous. Do not leave the pan unattended.)

Drain the dumplings on kitchen paper and serve with the saltfish and ackee. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vytypy1511883765.jpg Speciality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbfNyZbdn2I
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 1008: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52836 Seafood fideuà Seafood Spanish Boil the kettle. Empty the mussels into a colander and run under cold water. Throw away any with broken shells. Pick through the shells, tapping each one on the side of the sink – they should be closed or should slowly close when tapped – if they stay open, throw them away. If any of the shells still have barnacles or stringy beards attached, pull them off with a cutlery knife and rinse the shells well. Keep in the colander, covered with a cold, damp cloth, until you’re ready to cook. Peel the prawn shells on the body section only – leave the heads and tails intact. Score down the backs and pull out any gritty entrails. Chill until you’re ready to cook.

Put the saffron in a small cup, cover with 50ml kettle-hot water and set aside for 10 mins. If using vermicelli, put in a bowl and crush to little pieces (about 1cm long) with your hands.

Heat the oil in a large frying pan with at least a 3cm lip, or a 40cm paella pan. Add the onion and stir around the pan for 5 mins until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 min more, then tip in the vermicelli and cook for 5 mins, stirring from time to time, until the vermicelli is toasted brown. Stir in the paprika.

Keeping the heat moderate, stir through the monkfish, squid and saffron with its water, seasoning well. Spread the ingredients out in an even layer, then pour over the hot stock and scatter the tomatoes on top. Bring to a simmer, then cover the whole dish with a tight-fitting lid (or foil). Turn the heat to medium and cook for 6 mins.

Uncover and stir to incorporate the dry top layer of pasta. Push the mussels into the pasta so the hinges are buried in the bottom of the dish, and they stand straight up. Arrange the prawns on top, cover tightly and cook for another 6 mins or until the mussels are open, the prawns are pink and the pasta is cooked through. Leave to simmer for another 2-3 mins to cook off most of the remaining liquid (leave a little in the pan to prevent the pasta from sticking together). Allow to sit for 2-3 mins, then squeeze over the lemon juice and arrange the wedges on top. Scatter with parsley before serving. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wqqvyq1511179730.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itsFEc8W468
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 252: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52953 Shrimp Chow Fun Seafood Chinese STEP 1 - SOAK THE RICE NOODLES

Soak the rice noodles overnight untill they are soft

STEP 2 - BOIL THE RICE NOODLES

Boil the noodles for 10-15 minutes and then rinse with cold water to stop the cooking process of the noodles.

STEP 3 -MARINATING THE SHRIMP

In a bowl add the shrimp, egg, 1 pinch of white pepper, 1 Teaspoon of sesame seed oil, 1 Tablespoon corn starch and 1 tablespoon of oil

Mix together well

STEP 4 - STIR FRY

In a wok add 2 Tablespoons of oil, shrimp and stir fry them until it is golden brown

Set the shrimp aside

Add 1 Tablespoon of oil to the work and then add minced garlic, ginger and all of the vegetables.

Add the noodles to the wok

Next add sherry cooking wine, oyster sauce, sugar, vinegar, sesame seed oil, 1 pinch white pepper, and soy sauce

Add back in the shrimp

To thicken the sauce, whisk together 1 Tablespoon of corn starch and 2 Tablespoon of water in a bowl and slowly add to your stir-fry until it's the right thickness. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1529445434.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzaTcpoFEaY
52882 Three Fish Pie Seafood British Preheat the oven to 200C/400F/Gas 6 (180C fan).

Put the potatoes into a saucepan of cold salted water. Bring up to the boil and simmer until completely tender. Drain well and then mash with the butter and milk. Add pepper and taste to check the seasoning. Add salt and more pepper if necessary.

For the fish filling, melt the butter in a saucepan, add the leeks and stir over the heat. Cover with a lid and simmer gently for 10 minutes, or until soft. Measure the flour into a small bowl. Add the wine and whisk together until smooth.

Add the milk to the leeks, bring to the boil and then add the wine mixture. Stir briskly until thickened. Season and add the parsley and fish. Stir over the heat for two minutes, then spoon into an ovenproof casserole. Scatter over the eggs. Allow to cool until firm.

Spoon the mashed potatoes over the fish mixture and mark with a fork. Sprinkle with cheese.

Bake for 30-40 minutes, or until lightly golden-brown on top and bubbling around the edges. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/spswqs1511558697.jpg Fish,Seafood,Dairy,Pie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ds1Jb8H5Sg8
52852 Tuna Nicoise Seafood French Heat oven to 200C/fan 180C/gas 6. Toss the potatoes with 2 tsp oil and some seasoning. Tip onto a large baking tray, then roast for 20 mins, stirring halfway, until crisp, golden and cooked through.

Meanwhile, put eggs in a small pan of water, bring to the boil, then simmer for 8-10 mins, depending on how you like them cooked. Plunge into a bowl of cold water to cool for a few mins. Peel away the shells, then cut into halves.

In a large salad bowl, whisk together the remaining oil, red wine vinegar, capers and chopped tomatoes. Season, tip in the onion, spinach, tuna and potatoes, then gently toss together. Top with the eggs, then serve straight away. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/yypwwq1511304979.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_UAxkx0u6U
52914 Boulangère Potatoes Side French Heat oven to 200C/fan 180C/gas 6. Fry the onions and thyme sprigs in the oil until softened and lightly coloured (about 5 mins).

Spread a layer of potatoes over the base of a 1.5-litre oiled gratin dish. Sprinkle over a few onions (see picture, above) and continue layering, finishing with a layer of potatoes. Pour over the stock and bake for 50-60 mins until the potatoes are cooked and the top is golden and crisp. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qywups1511796761.jpg SideDish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcXPruv1Mjg
52913 Brie wrapped in prosciutto & brioche Side French Mix the flour, 1 tsp salt, caster sugar, yeast, milk and eggs together in a mixer using the dough attachment for 5 mins until the dough is smooth. Add the butter and mix for a further 4 mins on medium speed. Scrape the dough bowl and mix again for 1 min. Place the dough in a container, cover with cling film and leave in the fridge for at least 6 hrs before using.

Wrap the Brie in the prosciutto and set aside. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface. Roll into a 25cm circle. Place the wrapped Brie in the middle of the circle and fold the edges in neatly. Put the parcel onto a baking tray lined with baking parchment and brush with beaten egg. Chill in the fridge for 30 mins, then brush again with beaten egg and chill for a further 30 mins. Leave to rise for 1 hr at room temperature. Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6, then bake for 22 mins. Serve warm. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qqpwsy1511796276.jpg SideDish,Treat,Baking https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzNPPD8lbWg
52919 Fennel Dauphinoise Side French Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Put potatoes, fennel, and garlic in a medium non-stick pan. Pour in milk and double cream, season well and simmer gently, covered, for 10 mins, stirring halfway through, until potatoes are just tender.

Divide the mixture between 2 small (about 150ml) buttered ramekins and scatter with Parmesan. Bake for 40 mins until the potatoes are golden and tender when pierced with a knife. Snip the reserved fennel fronds over before serving. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ytttsv1511798734.jpg Pie,SideDish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXBzZm2kkh8
52903 French Onion Soup Side French Melt the butter with the oil in a large heavy-based pan. Add the onions and fry with the lid on for 10 mins until soft. Sprinkle in the sugar and cook for 20 mins more, stirring frequently, until caramelised. The onions should be really golden, full of flavour and soft when pinched between your fingers. Take care towards the end to ensure that they don’t burn.

Add the garlic for the final few mins of the onions’ cooking time, then sprinkle in the flour and stir well. Increase the heat and keep stirring as you gradually add the wine, followed by the hot stock. Cover and simmer for 15-20 mins.

To serve, turn on the grill, and toast the bread. Ladle the soup into heatproof bowls. Put a slice or two of toast on top of the bowls of soup, and pile on the cheese. Grill until melted. Alternatively, you can complete the toasts under the grill, then serve them on top. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xvrrux1511783685.jpg Soup https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DLDMQucqDI
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 427: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52922 Prawn & Fennel Bisque Side French Shell the prawns, then fry the shells in the oil in a large pan for about 5 mins. Add the onion, fennel and carrots and cook for about 10 mins until the veg start to soften. Pour in the wine and brandy, bubble hard for about 1 min to drive off the alcohol, then add the tomatoes, stock and paprika. Cover and simmer for 30 mins. Meanwhile, chop the prawns.

Blitz the soup as finely as you can with a stick blender or food processor, then press through a sieve into a bowl. Spend a bit of time really working the mixture through the sieve as this will give the soup its velvety texture.

Tip back into a clean pan, add the prawns and cook for 10 mins, then blitz again until smooth. You can make and chill this a day ahead or freeze it for 1 month. Thaw ovenight in the fridge. To serve, gently reheat in a pan with the cream. If garnishing, cook the 8 prawns in a little butter. Spoon into small bowls and top with the prawns and snipped fennel fronds. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rtwwvv1511799504.jpg Soup,Warm,Seafood,Shellfish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4thpMbDakgM
52925 Split Pea Soup Side Canadian Put the gammon in a very large pan with 2 litres water and bring to the boil. Remove from the heat and drain off the water – this helps to get rid of some of the saltiness. Recover with 2 litres cold water and bring to the boil again. Put everything but the frozen peas into the pan and bring to the boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook for 1½-2½ hrs, topping up the water as and when you need to, to a similar level it started at. As the ham cooks and softens, you can halve it if you want, so it is all submerged under the liquid. When the ham is tender enough to pull into shreds, it is ready.

Lift out the ham, peel off and discard the skin. While it is still hot (wear a clean pair of rubber gloves), shred the meat. Remove bay from the soup and stir in the frozen peas. Simmer for 1 min, then blend until smooth. Add a splash of water if too thick, and return to the pan to heat through if it has cooled, or if you are making ahead.

When you are ready to serve, mix the hot soup with most of the ham – gently reheat if made ahead. Serve in bowls with the remaining ham scattered on top, and eat with crusty bread and butter. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xxtsvx1511814083.jpg Soup,Warm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdhWz7qAaCU
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 195: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52842 Broccoli & Stilton soup Starter British Heat the rapeseed oil in a large saucepan and then add the onions. Cook on a medium heat until soft. Add a splash of water if the onions start to catch.



Add the celery, leek, potato and a knob of butter. Stir until melted, then cover with a lid. Allow to sweat for 5 minutes. Remove the lid.



Pour in the stock and add any chunky bits of broccoli stalk. Cook for 10 – 15 minutes until all the vegetables are soft.



Add the rest of the broccoli and cook for a further 5 minutes. Carefully transfer to a blender and blitz until smooth. Stir in the stilton, allowing a few lumps to remain. Season with black pepper and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/tvvxpv1511191952.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HgVLpmNxTY
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 454: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52840 Clam chowder Starter American Rinse the clams in several changes of cold water and drain well. Tip the clams into a large pan with 500ml of water. Cover, bring to the boil and simmer for 2 mins until the clams have just opened. Tip the contents of the pan into a colander over a bowl to catch the clam stock. When cool enough to handle, remove the clams from their shells – reserving a handful of empty shells for presentation if you want. Strain the clam stock into a jug, leaving any grit in the bottom of the bowl. You should have around 800ml stock.

Heat the butter in the same pan and sizzle the bacon for 3-4 mins until it starts to brown. Stir in the onion, thyme and bay and cook everything gently for 10 mins until the onion is soft and golden. Scatter over the flour and stir in to make a sandy paste, cook for 2 mins more, then gradually stir in the clam stock then the milk and the cream.

Throw in the potatoes, bring everything to a simmer and leave to bubble away gently for 10 mins or until the potatoes are cooked. Use a fork to crush a few of the potato chunks against the side of the pan to help thicken – you still want lots of defined chunks though. Stir through the clam meat and the few clam shells, if you've gone down that route, and simmer for a minute to reheat. Season with plenty of black pepper and a little salt, if needed, then stir through the parsley just before ladling into bowls or hollowed-out crusty rolls. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rvtvuw1511190488.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEN_fm6kX6k
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 415: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52779 Cream Cheese Tart Starter Unknown Crust: make a dough from 250g flour (I like mixing different flours like plain and wholegrain spelt flour), 125g butter, 1 egg and a pinch of salt, press it into a tart form and place it in the fridge. Filling: stir 300g cream cheese and 100ml milk until smooth, add in 3 eggs, 100g grated parmesan cheese and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Take the crust out of the fridge and prick the bottom with a fork. Pour in the filling and bake at 175 degrees C for about 25 minutes. Cover the tart with some aluminium foil after half the time. In the mean time, slice about 350g mini tomatoes. In a small pan heat 3tbsp olive oil, 3tbsp white vinegar, 1 tbsp honey, salt and pepper and combine well. Pour over the tomato slices and mix well. With a spoon, place the tomato slices on the tart, avoiding too much liquid on it. Decorate with basil leaves and enjoy https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wurrux1468416624.jpg Tart,Savory https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhQPwO4uymo
52841 Creamy Tomato Soup Starter British Put the oil, onions, celery, carrots, potatoes and bay leaves in a big casserole dish, or two saucepans. Fry gently until the onions are softened – about 10-15 mins. Fill the kettle and boil it.

Stir in the tomato purée, sugar, vinegar, chopped tomatoes and passata, then crumble in the stock cubes. Add 1 litre boiling water and bring to a simmer. Cover and simmer for 15 mins until the potato is tender, then remove the bay leaves. Purée with a stick blender (or ladle into a blender in batches) until very smooth. Season to taste and add a pinch more sugar if it needs it. The soup can now be cooled and chilled for up to 2 days, or frozen for up to 3 months.

To serve, reheat the soup, stirring in the milk – try not to let it boil. Serve in small bowls with cheesy sausage rolls. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/stpuws1511191310.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBhwjjUiFk4
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 224: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52942 Roast fennel and aubergine paella Vegan Spanish 1 Put the fennel, aubergine, pepper and courgette in a roasting tray. Add a glug of olive oil, season with salt and pepper and toss around to coat the veggies in the oil. Roast in the oven for 20 minutes, turning a couple of times until the veg are pretty much cooked through and turning golden.



2 Meanwhile, heat a paella pan or large frying pan over a low– medium heat and add a glug of olive oil. Sauté the onion for 8–10 minutes until softened. Increase the heat to medium and stir in the rice, paprika and saffron. Cook for around 1 minute to start toasting the rice, then add the white wine. Reduce by about half before stirring in two-thirds of the stock. Reduce to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes without a lid, stirring a couple of times.



3 Stir in the peas, add some seasoning, then gently mix in the roasted veg. Pour over the remaining stock, arrange the lemon wedges on top and cover with a lid or some aluminium foil. Cook for a further 10 minutes.



4 To ensure you get the classic layer of toasted rice at the bottom of the pan, increase the heat to high until you hear a slight crackle. Remove from the heat and sit for 5 minutes before sprinkling over the parsley and serving. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1520081754.jpg Vegan,Paella https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5SmjR-fxUs
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 451: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52794 Vegan Chocolate Cake Vegan American Simply mix all dry ingredients with wet ingredients and blend altogether. Bake for 45 min on 180 degrees. Decorate with some melted vegan chocolate  https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qxutws1486978099.jpg Vegan,Chocolate,Cake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3pAgB7pync
52775 Vegan Lasagna Vegan Italian 1) Preheat oven to 180 degrees celcius. 

2) Boil vegetables for 5-7 minutes, until soft. Add lentils and bring to a gentle simmer, adding a stock cube if desired. Continue cooking and stirring until the lentils are soft, which should take about 20 minutes. 

3) Blanch spinach leaves for a few minutes in a pan, before removing and setting aside. 

4) Top up the pan with water and cook the lasagne sheets. When cooked, drain and set aside.

5) To make the sauce, melt the butter and add the flour, then gradually add the soya milk along with the mustard and the vinegar. Cook and stir until smooth and then assemble the lasagne as desired in a baking dish. 

6) Bake in the preheated oven for about 25 minutes. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rvxxuy1468312893.jpg Vegan,Pasta https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VU8cXvlGbvc
52807 Baingan Bharta Vegetarian Indian Rinse the baingan (eggplant or aubergine) in water. Pat dry with a kitchen napkin. Apply some oil all over and

keep it for roasting on an open flame. You can also grill the baingan or roast in the oven. But then you won't get

the smoky flavor of the baingan. Keep the eggplant turning after a 2 to 3 minutes on the flame, so that its evenly

cooked. You could also embed some garlic cloves in the baingan and then roast it.

2. Roast the aubergine till its completely cooked and tender. With a knife check the doneness. The knife should slid

easily in aubergines without any resistance. Remove the baingan and immerse in a bowl of water till it cools

down.

3. You can also do the dhungar technique of infusing charcoal smoky flavor in the baingan. This is an optional step.

Use natural charcoal for this method. Heat a small piece of charcoal on flame till it becomes smoking hot and red.

4. Make small cuts on the baingan with a knife. Place the red hot charcoal in the same plate where the roasted

aubergine is kept. Add a few drops of oil on the charcoal. The charcoal would begin to smoke.

5. As soon as smoke begins to release from the charcoal, cover the entire plate tightly with a large bowl. Allow the

charcoal smoke to get infused for 1 to 2 minutes. The more you do, the more smoky the baingan bharta will

become. I just keep for a minute. Alternatively, you can also do this dhungar method once the baingan bharta is

cooked, just like the way we do for Dal Tadka.

6. Peel the skin from the roasted and smoked eggplant.

7. Chop the cooked eggplant finely or you can even mash it.

8. In a kadai or pan, heat oil. Then add finely chopped onions and garlic.

9. Saute the onions till translucent. Don't brown them.

10. Add chopped green chilies and saute for a minute.

11. Add the chopped tomatoes and mix it well.

12. Bhuno (saute) the tomatoes till the oil starts separating from the mixture.

13. Now add the red chili powder. Stir and mix well.

14. Add the chopped cooked baingan.

15. Stir and mix the chopped baingan very well with the onion­tomato masala mixture.

16. Season with salt. Stir and saute for some more 4 to 5 minutes more.

17. Finally stir in the coriander leaves with the baingan bharta or garnish it with them. Serve Baingan Bharta with

phulkas, rotis or chapatis. It goes well even with bread, toasted or grilled bread and plain rice or jeera rice. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/urtpqw1487341253.jpg Spicy,Bun,Calorific https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-84Zz2EP4h4
52870 Chickpea Fajitas Vegetarian Mexican Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6 and line a baking tray with foil. Drain the chickpeas, pat dry and tip onto the prepared baking tray. Add the oil and paprika, toss to coat, then roast for 20-25 mins until browned and crisp, shaking halfway through cooking.



Meanwhile, put the tomatoes and onion in a small bowl with the vinegar and set aside to pickle. Put the avocado in another bowl and mash with a fork, leaving some larger chunks. Stir in the lime juice and season well. Mix the soured cream with the harissa and set aside until ready to serve.



Heat a griddle pan until nearly smoking. Add the tortillas , one at a time, charring each side until hot with griddle lines. 



Put everything on the table and build the fajitas : spread a little of the harissa cream over the tortilla, top with roasted chickpeas, guacamole, pickled salsa and coriander, if you like. Serve with the lime wedges for squeezing over. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/tvtxpq1511464705.jpg Vegetarian https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGY3V7EGpT0
52785 Dal fry Vegetarian Indian Wash and soak toor dal in approx. 3 cups of water, for at least one hours. Dal will be double in volume after soaking. Drain the water.

Cook dal with 2-1/2 cups water and add salt, turmeric, on medium high heat, until soft in texture (approximately 30 mins) it should be like thick soup.

In a frying pan, heat the ghee. Add cumin seeds, and mustard seeds. After the seeds crack, add bay leaves, green chili, ginger and chili powder. Stir for a few seconds.

Add tomatoes, salt and sugar stir and cook until tomatoes are tender and mushy.

Add cilantro and garam masala cook for about one minute.

Pour the seasoning over dal mix it well and cook for another minute.

Serve with Naan. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wuxrtu1483564410.jpg Curry,Vegetarian https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4D855Q9-jg
52955 Egg Drop Soup Vegetarian Chinese In a wok add chicken broth and wait for it to boil.

Next add salt, sugar, white pepper, sesame seed oil.

When the chicken broth is boiling add the vegetables to the wok.

To thicken the sauce, whisk together 1 Tablespoon of cornstarch and 2 Tablespoon of water in a bowl and slowly add to your soup until it's the right thickness.

Next add 1 egg slightly beaten with a knife or fork and add it to the soup slowly and stir for 8 seconds

Serve the soup in a bowl and add the green onions on top. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/1529446137.jpg Soup,Baking,Calorific https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XpzHm9QpZg
52906 Flamiche Vegetarian French For the pastry, sift the flour and salt into the bowl of a food processor, add the butter and lard, then whizz together briefly until the mixture looks like fine breadcrumbs. Tip the mixture into a bowl, then stir in the cheese and enough of the water for the mixture to come together. Tip out onto a lightly floured surface and knead briefly until smooth. Roll out thinly and line a 23cm x 4cm loose-?bottomed fluted flan tin. Prick the base with a fork. Chill for 20 minutes.

02.Melt the 75g butter in a saucepan over a low heat, then add the leeks and the salt. Cover and cook for ?10 minutes until soft. Uncover the pan, increase the heat and cook ?for 2 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has evaporated. Spoon onto a plate and leave to cool.

03.Preheat the oven to 200°C/fan180°C/gas 6. Line the pastry case with baking paper and baking beans or rice and blind bake for 15-20 minutes until the edges are biscuit-coloured. Remove the paper and beans/rice and return the case to the oven for 7-10 minutes until the base is crisp and lightly golden. Remove and set aside. Reduce the oven temperature to 190°C/fan170°C/gas 5.

04.Put the crème fraîche into a bowl with the whole egg, egg yolks and nutmeg. Lightly beat together, then season. Stir in the leeks. Spoon ?the mixture into the tart case and bake for 35-40 minutes until set ?and lightly golden. Remove from ?the oven and leave for 10 minutes. Take out of the tin and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wssvvs1511785879.jpg Tart https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vT0q5c880Rg
52868 Kidney Bean Curry Vegetarian Indian Heat the oil in a large frying pan over a low-medium heat. Add the onion and a pinch of salt and cook slowly, stirring occasionally, until softened and just starting to colour. Add the garlic, ginger and coriander stalks and cook for a further 2 mins, until fragrant.



Add the spices to the pan and cook for another 1 min, by which point everything should smell aromatic. Tip in the chopped tomatoes and kidney beans in their water, then bring to the boil.



Turn down the heat and simmer for 15 mins until the curry is nice and thick. Season to taste, then serve with the basmati rice and the coriander leaves. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/sywrsu1511463066.jpg Curry https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tp_PMWvIKzo
52865 Matar Paneer Vegetarian Indian Heat the oil in a frying pan over high heat until it’s shimmering hot. Add the paneer, then turn the heat down a little. Fry until it starts to brown at the edges, then turn it over and brown on each side – the paneer will brown faster than you think, so don’t walk away. Remove the paneer from the pan and drain on kitchen paper.

Put the ginger, cumin, turmeric, ground coriander and chilli in the pan, and fry everything for 1 min. Add the tomatoes, mashing them with the back of a spoon and simmer everything for 5 mins until the sauce smells fragrant. Add a splash of water if it’s too thick. Season well. Add the peas and simmer for a further 2 mins, then stir in the paneer and sprinkle over the garam masala. Divide between two bowls, top with coriander leaves and serve with naan bread, roti or rice. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xxpqsy1511452222.jpg Curry,Vegetarian https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlseYNqwLNs
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 126: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52864 Mushroom & Chestnut Rotolo Vegetarian British Soak the dried mushrooms in 350ml boiling water and set aside until needed. Blitz ¾ of the chestnuts with 150ml water until creamy. Roughly chop the remaining chestnuts.

Heat 2 tbsp olive oil in a large non-stick frying pan. Fry the shallots with a pinch of salt until softened, then add the garlic, chopped chestnuts and rosemary, and fry for 2 mins more. Add the wild mushrooms, 2 tbsp oil and some seasoning. Cook for 3 mins until they begin to soften. Drain and roughly chop the dried mushrooms (reserve the soaking liquid), then add those too, along with the soy sauce, and fry for 2 mins more.

Whisk the wine, reserved mushroom liquid and chestnut cream together to create a sauce. Season, then add half to the mushroom mixture in the pan and cook for 1 min until the sauce becomes glossy. Remove and discard the rosemary sprigs, then set the mixture aside.

Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Bring a large pan of salted water to the boil and get a large bowl of ice water ready. Drop the lasagne sheets into the boiling water for 2 mins or until pliable and a little cooked, then immediately plunge them into the cold water. Using your fingers, carefully separate the sheets and transfer to a clean tea towel. Spread a good spoonful of the sauce on the bottom two thirds of each sheet, then, rolling away from yourself, roll up the shorter ends. Cut each roll in half, then position the rolls of pasta cut-side up in a pie dish that you are happy to serve from at the table. If you have any mushroom sauce remaining after you’ve rolled up all the sheets, simply push it into some of the exposed rolls of pasta.

Pour the rest of the sauce over the top of the pasta, then bake for 10 mins or until the pasta no longer has any resistance when tested with a skewer.

Meanwhile, put the breadcrumbs, the last 2 tbsp olive oil, sage leaves and some seasoning in a bowl, and toss everything together. Scatter the rotolo with the crumbs and sage, then bake for another 10 mins, until the top is golden and the sage leaves are crispy. Leave to cool for 10 mins to allow the pasta to absorb the sauce, then drizzle with a little truffle oil, if you like, before taking your dish to the table. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ssyqwr1511451678.jpg Vegetarian,Nutty https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNN7_ZSJ5YE
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 1623: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52921 Provençal Omelette Cake Vegetarian French Break the eggs into two bowls, five in each. Whisk lightly and season with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a pan, add the courgettes and spring onions, then fry gently for about 10 mins until softened. Cool, then stir into one bowl of eggs with a little salt and pepper. Add the roasted peppers to the other bowl of eggs with the garlic, chilli, salt and pepper.

Heat a little oil in a 20-23cm frying pan, preferably non-stick. Pour the eggs with courgette into a measuring jug, then pourabout one-third of the mixture into the pan, swirling it to cover the base of the pan. Cook until the egg is set and lightly browned underneath, then cover the pan with a plate and invert the omelette onto it. Slide it back into the pan to cook the other side. Repeat with the remaining mix to make two more omelettes, adding a little oil to the pan each time. Stack the omelettes onto a plate. Make three omelettes in the same way with the red pepper mixture, then stack them on a separate plate.

Now make the filling. Beat the cheese to soften it, then beat in the milk to make a spreadable consistency. Stir in the herbs, salt and pepper. Line a deep, 20-23cm round cake tin with cling film (use a tin the same size as the frying pan). Select the best red pepper omelette and place in the tin, prettiest side down. Spread with a thin layer of cheese filling, then cover with a courgette omelette. Repeat, alternating the layers, until all the omelettes and filling are in the tin, finishing with an omelette. Flip the cling film over the omelette, then chill for up to 24 hrs.

To serve, invert the omelette cake onto a serving plate and peel off the cling film. Pile rocket on the top and scatter over the cheese, a drizzle of olive oil and a little freshly ground black pepper. Serve cut into wedges. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/qwtrtp1511799242.jpg Egg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7isFo2uP2k
52908 Ratatouille Vegetarian French Cut the aubergines in half lengthways. Place them on the board, cut side down, slice in half lengthways again and then across into 1.5cm chunks. Cut off the courgettes ends, then across into 1.5cm slices. Peel the peppers from stalk to bottom. Hold upright, cut around the stalk, then cut into 3 pieces. Cut away any membrane, then chop into bite-size chunks.

Score a small cross on the base of each tomato, then put them into a heatproof bowl. Pour boiling water over the tomatoes, leave for 20 secs, then remove. Pour the water away, replace the tomatoes and cover with cold water. Leave to cool, then peel the skin away. Quarter the tomatoes, scrape away the seeds with a spoon, then roughly chop the flesh.

Set a sauté pan over medium heat and when hot, pour in 2 tbsp olive oil. Brown the aubergines for 5 mins on each side until the pieces are soft. Set them aside and fry the courgettes in another tbsp oil for 5 mins, until golden on both sides. Repeat with the peppers. Don’t overcook the vegetables at this stage, as they have some more cooking left in the next step.

Tear up the basil leaves and set aside. Cook the onion in the pan for 5 mins. Add the garlic and fry for a further min. Stir in the vinegar and sugar, then tip in the tomatoes and half the basil. Return the vegetables to the pan with some salt and pepper and cook for 5 mins. Serve with basil. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wrpwuu1511786491.jpg Vegetables,SideDish https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFdQUgAFtGU
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 1057: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52811 Ribollita Vegetarian Italian Put 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large pot over medium heat. When it’s hot, add onion, carrot, celery and garlic; sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are soft, 5 to 10 minutes.

Heat the oven to 500 degrees. Drain the beans; if they’re canned, rinse them as well. Add them to the pot along with tomatoes and their juices and stock, rosemary and thyme. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat so the soup bubbles steadily; cover and cook, stirring once or twice to break up the tomatoes, until the flavors meld, 15 to 20 minutes.

Fish out and discard rosemary and thyme stems, if you like, and stir in kale. Taste and adjust seasoning. Lay bread slices on top of the stew so they cover the top and overlap as little as possible. Scatter red onion slices over the top, drizzle with the remaining 3 tablespoons oil and sprinkle with Parmesan.

Put the pot in the oven and bake until the bread, onions and cheese are browned and crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. (If your pot fits under the broiler, you can also brown the top there.) Divide the soup and bread among 4 bowls and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/xrrwpx1487347049.jpg Vegetarian https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiQUYTBb6eQ
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 141: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52816 Roasted Eggplant With Tahini, Pine Nuts, and Lentils Vegetarian American 

For the Lentils: Adjust oven rack to center position and preheat oven to 450°F to prepare for roasting eggplant. Meanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat until shimmering. Add carrots, celery, and onion and cook, stirring, until softened but not browned, about 4 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add lentils, bay leaves, stock or water, and a pinch of salt. Bring to a simmer, cover with the lid partially ajar, and cook until lentils are tender, about 30 minutes. (Top up with water if lentils are at any point not fully submerged.) Remove lid, stir in vinegar, and reduce until lentils are moist but not soupy. Season to taste with salt and pepper, cover, and keep warm until ready to serve.



2.

For the Eggplant: While lentils cook, cut each eggplant in half. Score flesh with the tip of a paring knife in a cross-hatch pattern at 1-inch intervals. Transfer to a foil-lined rimmed baking sheet, cut side up, and brush each eggplant half with 1 tablespoon oil, letting each brushstroke be fully absorbed before brushing with more. Season with salt and pepper. Place a rosemary sprig on top of each one. Transfer to oven and roast until completely tender and well charred, 25 to 35 minutes. Remove from oven and discard rosemary.



3.

To Serve: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and pine nuts in a medium skillet set over medium heat. Cook, tossing nuts frequently, until golden brown and aromatic, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl to halt cooking. Stir half of parsley and rosemary into lentils and transfer to a serving platter. Arrange eggplant halves on top. Spread a few tablespoons of tahini sauce over each eggplant half and sprinkle with pine nuts. Sprinkle with remaining parsley and rosemary, drizzle with additional olive oil, and serve. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ysqrus1487425681.jpg Vegetarian,Pulse,Nutty https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkywCtna9t0
(1406, "Data too long for column 'name' at row 1")
Error: failed executing/committing query
52784 Smoky Lentil Chili with Squash Vegetarian British Begin by roasting the squash. Slice it into thin crescents and drizzle with a little oil and sprinkle with sea salt. I added a fresh little sage I had in the fridge, but it’s unnecessary. Roast the squash a 205 C (400 F) for 20-30 minutes, flipping halfway through, until soft and golden. Let cool and chop into cubes.

Meanwhile, rinse the lentils and cover them with water. Bring them to the boil then turn down to a simmer and let cook (uncovered) for 20-30 minutes, or until tender. Drain and set aside.

While the lentils are cooking heat the 1 Tbsp. of oil on low in a medium pot. Add the onions and leeks and sauté for 5 or so minutes, or until they begin to soften. Add the garlic next along with the cumin and coriander, cooking for a few more minutes. Add the remaining spices – paprika, cinnamon, chilli, cocoa, Worcestershire sauce, salt, and oregano. Next add the can of tomatoes, the water or stock, and carrots. Let simmer, covered, for 20 minutes or until the veg is tender and the mixture has thickened up. You’ll need to check on the pot periodically for a stir and a top of of liquid if needed.

Add the lentils and chopped roasted squash. Let cook for 10 more minutes to heat through.

Serve with sliced jalapeno, lime wedges, cilantro, green onions, and cashew sour cream.



SIMPLE CASHEW SOUR CREAM



1 Cup Raw Unsalted Cashews

Pinch Sea Salt

1 tsp. Apple Cider Vinegar

Water



Bring some water to the boil, and use it to soak the cashews for at least four hours. Alternatively, you can use cold water and let the cashews soak overnight, but I’m forgetful/lazy, so often use the boil method which is much faster.

After the cashews have soaked, drain them and add to a high speed blender. Begin to puree, slowly adding about 1/2 cup fresh water, until a creamy consistency is reached. You may need to add less or more water to reach the desired consistency.

Add a pinch of sea salt and vinegar (or lemon juice). https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/uwxqwy1483389553.jpg Pulse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKmqawK2Tqs
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 265: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52872 Spanish Tortilla Vegetarian Spanish Put a large non-stick frying pan on a low heat. Cook the onion slowly in the oil and butter until soft but not brown – this should take about 15 mins. Add the potatoes, cover the pan and cook for a further 15-20 mins, stirring occasionally to make sure they fry evenly.

When the potatoes are soft and the onion is shiny, crush 2 garlic cloves and stir in, followed by the beaten eggs.

Put the lid back on the pan and leave the tortilla to cook gently. After 20 mins, the edges and base should be golden, the top set but the middle still a little wobbly. To turn it over, slide it onto a plate and put another plate on top, turn the whole thing over and slide it back into the pan to finish cooking. Once cooked, transfer to a plate and serve the tortilla warm or cold, scattered with the chopped parsley.

To accompany, take slices of warmed baguette, stab all over with a fork and rub with the remaining garlic, pile on grated tomatoes and season with sea salt and a drizzle of olive oil. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/quuxsx1511476154.jpg Egg,Light https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JceGMNG7rpU
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 196: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52771 Spicy Arrabiata Penne Vegetarian Italian Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add kosher salt to the boiling water, then add the pasta. Cook according to the package instructions, about 9 minutes.

In a large skillet over medium-high heat, add the olive oil and heat until the oil starts to shimmer. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the chopped tomatoes, red chile flakes, Italian seasoning and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the chopped basil.

Drain the pasta and add it to the sauce. Garnish with Parmigiano-Reggiano flakes and more basil and serve warm. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/ustsqw1468250014.jpg Pasta,Curry https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IszT_guI08
52797 Spicy North African Potato Salad Vegetarian Moroccan Cook potatoes - place potatoes in a pot of cold water, and bring to the boil. Boil 20 minutes, or until potatoes are tender. You know they are cooked when you can stick a knife in them and the knife goes straight through.

Combine harissa spice, olive oil, salt and pepper and lemon juice in a small bowl and whisk until combined.

Once potatoes are cooked, drain water and roughly chop potatoes in half.

Add harissa mix and spring onions/green onions to potatoes and stir.

In a large salad bowl, lay out arugula/rocket.

Top with potato mix and toss.

Add fetta, mint and sprinkle over pine nuts.

Adjust salt and pepper to taste. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/urtwux1486983078.jpg Vegetarian,Spicy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxBzwJvTK4g
52849 Spinach & Ricotta Cannelloni Vegetarian Italian First make the tomato sauce. Heat the oil in a large pan and fry the garlic for 1 min. Add the sugar, vinegar, tomatoes and some seasoning and simmer for 20 mins, stirring occasionally, until thick. Add the basil and divide the sauce between 2 or more shallow ovenproof dishes (see Tips for freezing, below). Set aside. Make a sauce by beating the mascarpone with the milk until smooth, season, then set aside.



Put the spinach in a large colander and pour over a kettle of boiling water to wilt it (you may need to do this in batches). When cool enough to handle squeeze out the excess water. Roughly chop the spinach and mix in a large bowl with 100g Parmesan and ricotta. Season well with salt, pepper and the nutmeg.



Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Using a piping bag or plastic food bag with the corner snipped off, squeeze the filling into the cannelloni tubes. Lay the tubes, side by side, on top of the tomato sauce and spoon over the mascarpone sauce. Top with Parmesan and mozzarella. You can now freeze the cannelloni, uncooked, or you can cook it first and then freeze. Bake for 30-35 mins until golden and bubbling. Remove from oven and let stand for 5 mins before serving. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wspuvp1511303478.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYGaEJjyLQA
52866 Squash linguine Vegetarian Italian Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6. Put the squash and garlic on a baking tray and drizzle with the olive oil. Roast for 35-40 mins until soft. Season.

Cook the pasta according to pack instructions. Drain, reserving the water. Use a stick blender to whizz the squash with 400ml cooking water. Heat some oil in a frying pan, fry the sage until crisp, then drain on kitchen paper. Tip the pasta and sauce into the pan and warm through. Scatter with sage. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wxswxy1511452625.jpg Pasta,Light https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHZ-PoGwTLQ
52817 Stovetop Eggplant With Harissa, Chickpeas, and Cumin Yogurt Vegetarian American Heat the oil in a 12-inch skillet over high heat until shimmering. Add the eggplants and lower the heat to medium. Season with salt and pepper as you rotate the eggplants, browning them on all sides. Continue to cook, turning regularly, until a fork inserted into the eggplant meets no resistance (you may have to stand them up on their fat end to finish cooking the thickest parts), about 20 minutes, lowering the heat and sprinkling water into the pan as necessary if the eggplants threaten to burn or smoke excessively.



2.

Mix the harissa, chickpeas and tomatoes together, then add to the eggplants. Cook until the tomatoes have blistered and broken down, about 5 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper and add water as necessary to thin to a saucy consistency. Meanwhile, combine the yogurt and cumin in a serving bowl. Season with salt and pepper.



3.

Top the eggplant mixture with the parsley, drizzle with more extra virgin olive oil, and serve with the yogurt on the side. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/yqwtvu1487426027.jpg Vegetarian https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYB-1xJp4lg
(1406, "Data too long for column 'name' at row 1")
Error: failed executing/committing query
52911 Summer Pistou Vegetarian French Heat the oil in a large pan and fry the leeks and courgette for 5 mins to soften. Pour in the stock, add three-quarters of the haricot beans with the green beans, half the tomatoes, and simmer for 5-8 mins until the vegetables are tender.

Meanwhile, blitz the remaining beans and tomatoes, the garlic and basil in a food processor (or in a bowl with a stick blender) until smooth, then stir in the Parmesan. Stir the sauce into the soup, cook for 1 min, then ladle half into bowls or pour into a flask for a packed lunch. Chill the remainder. Will keep for a couple of days. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/rqtxvr1511792990.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyeqZJKEXp0
52869 Tahini Lentils Vegetarian Moroccan In a jug, mix the tahini with the zest and juice of the lemon and 50ml of cold water to make a runny dressing. Season to taste, then set aside.

Heat the oil in a wok or large frying pan over a medium-high heat. Add the red onion, along with a pinch of salt, and fry for 2 mins until starting to soften and colour. Add the garlic, pepper, green beans and courgette and fry for 5 min, stirring frequently.

Tip in the kale, lentils and the tahini dressing. Keep the pan on the heat for a couple of mins, stirring everything together until the kale is wilted and it’s all coated in the creamy dressing. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vpxyqt1511464175.jpg Pulse https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kRlmz8pW0I
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2019' in position 641: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52863 Vegetarian Casserole Vegetarian British Heat the oil in a large, heavy-based pan. Add the onions and cook gently for 5 – 10 mins until softened.

Add the garlic, spices, dried thyme, carrots, celery and peppers and cook for 5 minutes.

Add the tomatoes, stock, courgettes and fresh thyme and cook for 20 - 25 minutes.

Take out the thyme sprigs. Stir in the lentils and bring back to a simmer. Serve with wild and white basmati rice, mash or quinoa. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/vptwyt1511450962.jpg Casserole,Vegetarian https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHmKE9mWtWM
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 162: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
52867 Vegetarian Chilli Vegetarian British Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/ gas 6. Cook the vegetables in a casserole dish for 15 mins. Tip in the beans and tomatoes, season, and cook for another 10-15 mins until piping hot. Heat the pouch in the microwave on High for 1 min and serve with the chilli. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wqurxy1511453156.jpg Chilli https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0bFRVH_EqU
52871 Yaki Udon Vegetarian Japanese Boil some water in a large saucepan. Add 250ml cold water and the udon noodles. (As they are so thick, adding cold water helps them to cook a little bit slower so the middle cooks through). If using frozen or fresh noodles, cook for 2 mins or until al dente; dried will take longer, about 5-6 mins. Drain and leave in the colander.

Heat 1 tbsp of the oil, add the onion and cabbage and sauté for 5 mins until softened. Add the mushrooms and some spring onions, and sauté for 1 more min. Pour in the remaining sesame oil and the noodles. If using cold noodles, let them heat through before adding the ingredients for the sauce – otherwise tip in straight away and keep stir-frying until sticky and piping hot. Sprinkle with the remaining spring onions. https://www.themealdb.com/images/media/meals/wrustq1511475474.jpg None https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Iy0MCowSvA
'latin-1' codec can't encode character '\u2013' in position 700: ordinal not in range(256)
Error: failed executing/committing query
>>> 
